arch map
name death_1
width 13
height 13
msg
Created:  2023-09-06 Titus
Modified: 2023-09-06 Titus
endmsg
tile_path_2 death_1_9
tile_path_3 death_2_8
tile_path_4 death_1_7
end
arch bosgrass15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch bosgrass15
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch dungeon_floor
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch bosgrass15
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 1
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 1
y 2
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 1
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 1
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 1
y 8
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 1
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 1
y 10
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 1
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 1
y 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 0
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 2
y 1
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
arch scroll_new
other_arch rose_red
level 100
no_pick 1
identified 1
changing 1
startequip 1
arch spell_word_of_recall
end
end
end
arch spikes_closed
x 2
y 1
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 2
y 1
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_0
x 2
y 2
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch detector
slaying gravestone
x 2
y 3
connected 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 2
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 2
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 2
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 2
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 2
y 8
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch detector
slaying gravestone
x 2
y 9
connected 13
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_0
x 2
y 10
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 0
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 2
y 11
connected 13
activate_on_release 0
arch scroll_new
other_arch rose_red
level 100
no_pick 1
identified 1
changing 1
startequip 1
arch spell_word_of_recall
end
end
end
arch spikes_closed
x 2
y 11
connected 13
activate_on_release 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 2
y 11
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 2
y 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 3
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 3
y 2
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 3
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 3
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 3
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 3
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 3
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 3
y 8
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 3
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 3
y 10
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 3
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 3
y 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 4
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch spikes_open
x 4
y 2
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 4
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 4
y 4
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
arch titus_flower
no_pick 1
identified 1
startequip 1
end
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 4
y 8
connected 13
activate_on_release 0
arch titus_flower
no_pick 1
identified 1
startequip 1
end
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 4
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch spikes_open
x 4
y 10
connected 13
activate_on_release 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 4
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 4
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch fogexit
slaying /afterlife/new_death/
hp 18
sp 8
x 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 1
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 2
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch fogexit
slaying /afterlife/new_death/
hp 18
sp 8
x 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 1
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 2
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch fogexit
slaying /afterlife/new_death/
hp 18
sp 8
x 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 1
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 2
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 8
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch spikes_open
x 8
y 2
connected 11
activate_on_release 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 8
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 8
y 4
connected 11
activate_on_release 0
arch titus_flower
no_pick 1
identified 1
startequip 1
end
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 8
y 8
connected 12
activate_on_release 0
arch titus_flower
no_pick 1
identified 1
startequip 1
end
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 8
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch spikes_open
x 8
y 10
connected 12
activate_on_release 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 8
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 9
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 9
y 2
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 9
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 9
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 9
y 8
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 9
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 9
y 10
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 9
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 9
y 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 0
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 10
y 1
connected 11
activate_on_release 0
arch scroll_new
other_arch rose_red
level 100
no_pick 1
identified 1
changing 1
startequip 1
arch spell_word_of_recall
end
end
end
arch spikes_closed
x 10
y 1
connected 11
activate_on_release 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 10
y 1
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_0
x 10
y 2
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch detector
slaying gravestone
x 10
y 3
connected 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
y 8
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch detector
slaying gravestone
x 10
y 9
connected 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_0
x 10
y 10
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 0
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 10
y 11
connected 12
activate_on_release 0
arch scroll_new
other_arch rose_red
level 100
no_pick 1
identified 1
changing 1
startequip 1
arch spell_word_of_recall
end
end
end
arch spikes_closed
x 10
y 11
connected 12
activate_on_release 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 10
y 11
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 10
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
y 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 11
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 11
y 2
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 11
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 11
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 11
y 8
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 11
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch check_inv
race gravestone
x 11
y 10
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 11
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 11
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 11
y 12
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 12
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 12
y 2
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 12
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 12
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 12
y 10
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 12
y 11
end
arch bosgrass15
x 12
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
