arch map
difficulty 1
width 32
height 32
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
y 4
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
y 10
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
y 16
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
y 20
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
y 23
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 1
y 14
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 2
y 2
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 2
y 7
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 2
y 11
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 2
y 18
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 2
y 26
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 3
y 21
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 4
y 1
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 4
y 5
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 4
y 11
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 5
y 15
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 5
y 18
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 6
y 2
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 6
y 8
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 6
y 25
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 7
y 5
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 7
y 12
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 8
y 10
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 8
y 14
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 8
y 21
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 9
y 2
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 9
y 5
end
arch swall_0
name Moon
face crescentmoon2.111
x 9
y 11
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 9
y 17
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 9
y 23
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 11
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 11
y 13
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 11
y 24
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 12
y 3
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 12
y 8
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 12
y 10
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sunspear.111
animation sunspear
x 12
y 17
end
arch firepot
name Stars
name_pl Stars
face sparkshower.111
animation sparkshower
x 12
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 11
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 13
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 12
end
arch slevel_3_4
x 13
y 12
end
arch dwall_1_2
x 13
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 13
end
arch swall_0
x 13
y 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 13
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 13
y 13
end
arch telescope1
x 13
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 14
end
arch swall_0
x 13
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 14
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 13
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 15
end
arch swall_0
x 13
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 15
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 13
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 16
end
arch slevel_3_4
x 13
y 16
end
arch dwall_1_1
x 13
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 17
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 13
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 9
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 14
y 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 10
end
arch slevel_3_4
x 14
y 10
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 14
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 11
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 14
y 11
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 14
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 14
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 14
end
arch swall_0
x 14
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 15
end
arch swall_0
x 14
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 14
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 16
end
arch swall_0
x 14
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 17
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 14
y 17
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 14
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 18
end
arch slevel_3_4
x 14
y 18
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 14
y 18
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 19
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 14
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 8
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 15
y 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 9
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 15
y 9
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 15
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 15
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 15
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 14
end
arch swall_0
x 15
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 14
end
arch well
name chair
name_pl chair
face chair_1.111
x 15
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 15
y 15
end
arch well
name end observation
name_pl chair
slaying towertop
face chair_1.111
hp 9
sp 15
x 15
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 16
end
arch swall_0
x 15
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 15
y 18
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 19
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 15
y 19
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 15
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 20
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 15
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 7
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 16
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 8
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 16
y 8
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 16
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 16
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 16
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 14
end
arch swall_0
x 16
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 15
end
arch swall_0
x 16
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 16
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 16
end
arch swall_0
x 16
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 16
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 20
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 16
y 20
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 16
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 21
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 16
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 17
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 7
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 17
y 7
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 17
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 17
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 17
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 17
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 17
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 21
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 17
y 21
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 17
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 22
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 17
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 6
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 18
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 6
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 7
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 10
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 11
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 16
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 18
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 19
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 20
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 18
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 22
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 18
y 22
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 19
y 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 6
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 19
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 19
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 7
end
arch longtable_1_1
x 19
y 7
end
arch starchart
x 19
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 8
end
arch longtable_2_1_1
x 19
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 9
end
arch longtable_2_2_1
x 19
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 19
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 19
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 19
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 19
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 19
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 22
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 19
y 22
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 19
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 19
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 5
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 20
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 20
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 6
end
arch desk
x 20
y 6
material 0
no_pick 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 9
end
arch longtable_2_1_2
x 20
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 20
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 20
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 20
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 20
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 21
end
arch woodfloor
x 20
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 23
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 20
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 20
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 21
y 5
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 21
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 21
y 5
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 6
end
arch table_3
x 21
y 6
material 0
no_pick 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 7
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 9
end
arch longtable_1_3
x 21
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 10
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 11
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 13
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 16
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 18
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 19
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 20
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 21
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 21
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 21
y 23
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 21
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 21
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 22
y 5
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 22
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 22
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 22
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 14
end
arch stair_3_down
slaying towertopb1
hp 16
sp 14
x 22
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 22
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 21
end
arch woodfloor
x 22
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 22
y 23
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 22
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 22
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 23
y 5
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 23
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 23
y 5
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 6
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 7
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 10
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 11
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 13
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 16
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 18
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 19
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 20
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 21
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 23
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 23
y 23
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 23
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 23
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 24
y 5
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 24
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 24
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 24
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 24
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 24
y 15
end
arch chair_2.4
x 24
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 24
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 21
end
arch woodfloor
x 24
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 24
y 23
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 24
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 24
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 25
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 25
y 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 25
y 6
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 25
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 25
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 7
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 25
y 7
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 9
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 25
y 9
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 25
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 25
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 14
end
arch chair_2.1
x 25
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 25
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 16
end
arch chair_2.3
x 25
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 25
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 25
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 25
y 22
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 25
y 22
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 25
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 25
y 23
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 25
y 23
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 26
y 6
end
arch slevel_3_1
x 26
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 26
y 6
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 7
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 26
y 7
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 10
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 26
y 10
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 11
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 26
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 15
end
arch chair_2.2
x 26
y 15
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 16
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 18
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 19
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 20
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 26
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 26
y 22
end
arch slevel_3_3
x 26
y 22
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 26
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 27
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 27
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 27
y 7
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 27
y 7
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 27
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 8
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 27
y 8
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 27
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 11
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 27
y 11
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 12
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 27
y 12
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 27
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 27
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 27
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 19
end
arch ladder_up
slaying towerdome
hp 21
sp 19
x 27
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 27
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 27
y 21
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 27
y 21
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 27
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 27
y 22
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 27
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 28
y 7
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 28
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 28
y 8
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 28
y 8
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 28
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 9
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 28
y 9
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 28
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 28
y 13
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 28
y 13
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 14
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 28
y 14
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 28
y 15
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 28
y 15
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 16
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 28
y 16
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 28
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 28
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 28
y 20
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 28
y 20
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 28
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 28
y 21
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 28
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 29
y 8
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 29
y 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 29
y 9
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 29
y 9
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 29
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 29
y 10
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 29
y 10
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 29
y 11
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 29
y 11
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 29
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 29
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 29
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 29
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 29
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 29
y 17
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 29
y 18
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 29
y 19
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 29
y 19
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 29
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 29
y 20
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 29
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 30
y 9
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 30
y 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 30
y 10
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 30
y 10
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 30
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 30
y 11
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 30
y 11
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 30
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 30
y 12
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 30
y 12
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 30
y 13
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 30
y 13
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 30
y 14
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 30
y 14
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 30
y 15
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 30
y 15
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch woodfloor
x 30
y 16
end
arch bookshelf
name heavy bookshelf
name_pl heavy bookshelf
x 30
y 16
arch random_reading
end
arch random_reading
end
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 30
y 17
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 30
y 17
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 30
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 30
y 18
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 30
y 18
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 30
y 18
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 30
y 19
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 30
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 11
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 31
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 12
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 31
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 31
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 13
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 31
y 13
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 31
y 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 14
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 31
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 31
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 15
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 31
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 31
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 16
end
arch slevel_3_2
x 31
y 16
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 31
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 31
y 17
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 31
y 17
end
