.TH crossfire 6 "Feb 04 2004" "" "CrossFire Game Server Manual"

.SH NAME
CrossFire \- a multiplayer adventure and arcade game server

.SH SYNOPSIS
crossfire-server [-<options>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B CrossFire
is a multiplayer graphical arcade and adventure game, which has certain
flavours from other games, especially
.B Gauntlet (TM), NetHack, Moria, Angband,
and
.B Ragnarok.
Any number of players can move around in their own window, finding and using
items and battling monsters.  They can choose to cooperate or compete in the
same world.
.PP
.B CrossFire
runs as a client/server model. You will also need one of the clients to
play. With them you can either connect to a server someone else has set up,
or run your own server and connect to that. At now clients exit for the
X-Windows, GTK, Java, and Windows NT environment.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -csport <port number>
Specifies the port to that should be used for the client/server
connection.
.TP
.B -d
Turns on some debugging.
.TP
.B +d
Turns off debugging. Useful if DEBUG was defined at compile time.
.TP
.B -detach
This will run the server as a demon.
.TP
.B -h
Prints out a list of server options.
.TP
.B -log <file>
Specifies a file to send output to.  Only has meaning if
.B -detach
is specified.
.TP
.B -mon
Turns on monster-debugging.
.TP
.B -o
Prints out info on what was defined at compile time.
.TP
.B -s
Displays the highscore list.
.TP
.B -score <name | class>
Displays all highscores with matching name or class.
.TP
.B -v
Prints out version and contributors.
.PP
The following options are only available if DUMP_SWITCHES was defined at
compile time. You can only use one of them without any other option.
.TP
.B -m
Dumps out suggested experience for all monsters.
.TP
.B -m2
Dumps out abilities.
.TP
.B -m3
Dumps out artifact information.
.TP
.B -m4
Dumps out spell information.
.TP
.B -m5
Dumps out skill information.
.TP
.B -m6
Dumps out race information.
.TP
.B -m7
Dumps out alchemy information.
.TP
.B -m8
Dumps out gods information.
.TP
.B -m9
Dumps out more alchemy information.
.TP
.B -mt <name>
Dumps out a list of treasures for a monster.
.TP
.B -mexp
Dumps out the experience table.
.TP
.B -mq
Dumps out the list of defined quests.

.SH SEE ALSO
.B cfclient(6)

.SH BUGS
Please read the REPORTING BUGS section in
.I README.

.SH AUTHOR
 (C) 1994 Mark Wedel (mwedel@scruznet.com)
 (C) 1992 Frank Tore Johansen (frankj@ifi.uio.no)
