arch map
name Kurte's Shop
reset_timeout 1800
difficulty 1
region ancientpupland
width 25
height 16
enter_x 7
enter_y 14
msg
Created:  1996-05-21
Modified: 2019-03-25 Acer
endmsg
end
arch grass
end
arch grass
y 1
end
arch grass
y 2
end
arch grass
y 3
end
arch grass
y 4
end
arch grass
y 5
end
arch grass
y 6
end
arch grass
y 7
end
arch grass
y 8
end
arch grass
y 9
end
arch grass
y 10
end
arch grass
y 11
end
arch grass
y 12
end
arch grass
y 13
end
arch grass
y 14
end
arch grass
y 15
end
arch grass
x 1
end
arch brush
x 1
y 1
end
arch grass
x 1
y 2
end
arch grass
x 1
y 3
end
arch grass
x 1
y 4
end
arch evergreen
x 1
y 4
end
arch grass
x 1
y 5
end
arch grass
x 1
y 6
end
arch brush
x 1
y 7
end
arch grass
x 1
y 8
end
arch grass
x 1
y 9
end
arch grass
x 1
y 10
end
arch brush
x 1
y 11
end
arch grass
x 1
y 12
end
arch grass
x 1
y 13
end
arch grass
x 1
y 14
end
arch grass
x 1
y 15
end
arch grass
x 2
end
arch grass
x 2
y 1
end
arch grass
x 2
y 2
end
arch grass
x 2
y 3
end
arch grass
x 2
y 4
end
arch grass
x 2
y 5
end
arch grass
x 2
y 6
end
arch grass
x 2
y 7
end
arch grass
x 2
y 8
end
arch grass
x 2
y 9
end
arch grass
x 2
y 10
end
arch grass
x 2
y 11
end
arch grass
x 2
y 12
end
arch grass
x 2
y 13
end
arch grass
x 2
y 14
end
arch grass
x 2
y 15
end
arch grass
x 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_2_2
x 3
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 3
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 3
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 3
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 4
end
arch wwall_3_2
x 3
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 5
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 3
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 6
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 3
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 7
end
arch wwall_3_2
x 3
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 8
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 3
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 9
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 3
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 3
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_2_1
x 3
y 10
end
arch grass
x 3
y 11
end
arch grass
x 3
y 12
end
arch grass
x 3
y 13
end
arch grass
x 3
y 14
end
arch grass
x 3
y 15
end
arch grass
x 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 4
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 4
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 7
end
arch swall_1_3
x 4
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 4
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 10
end
arch grass
x 4
y 11
end
arch grass
x 4
y 12
end
arch grass
x 4
y 13
end
arch grass
x 4
y 14
end
arch grass
x 4
y 15
end
arch grass
x 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 4
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 5
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_2_3
x 5
y 10
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 11
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 11
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 5
y 12
end
arch wwall_1_2
x 5
y 12
end
arch grass
x 5
y 13
end
arch grass
x 5
y 14
end
arch evergreen
x 5
y 14
end
arch grass
x 5
y 15
end
arch grass
x 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 4
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 6
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 7
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 6
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 8
end
arch swall_1_2
x 6
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 10
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 11
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 6
y 12
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 6
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch pstone_1
x 6
y 13
end
arch pstone_2
x 6
y 14
end
arch invis_exit
slaying kurte
hp 5
sp 6
x 6
y 15
end
arch pstone_1
x 6
y 15
end
arch grass
x 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 3
end
arch man
msg
@match special offer
Sometimes I have special offers.  Check back often.
@match *
Welcome to Kurte's shop.  I'll exchange my items for your gold nuggets.
endmsg
hp 180
x 7
y 3
friendly 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 4
end
arch swall_3_3
x 7
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 5
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 7
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 6
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 7
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 7
end
arch swall_3_1
x 7
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 10
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 11
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 7
y 12
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 7
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch pstone_1
x 7
y 13
end
arch pstone_1
x 7
y 14
end
arch invis_exit
slaying kurte
hp 5
sp 6
x 7
y 15
end
arch pstone_1
x 7
y 15
end
arch grass
x 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 4
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 7
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 8
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 8
end
arch swall_1_2
x 8
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 10
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 11
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 8
y 12
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 8
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch pstone_1
x 8
y 13
end
arch pstone_1
x 8
y 14
end
arch invis_exit
slaying kurte
hp 5
sp 6
x 8
y 15
end
arch pstone_1
x 8
y 15
end
arch grass
x 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 4
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_2_2
x 9
y 10
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 11
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 9
y 11
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 9
y 12
end
arch wwall_1_2
x 9
y 12
end
arch grass
x 9
y 13
end
arch button_lever
x 9
y 13
connected 1
end
arch grass
x 9
y 14
end
arch evergreen
x 9
y 14
end
arch grass
x 9
y 15
end
arch grass
x 10
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 4
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 7
end
arch swall_1_4
x 10
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 9
end
arch button_lever
x 10
y 9
connected 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 10
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 10
end
arch grass
x 10
y 11
end
arch grass
x 10
y 12
end
arch grass
x 10
y 13
end
arch grass
x 10
y 14
end
arch grass
x 10
y 15
end
arch grass
x 11
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_2_3
x 11
y 1
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 2
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 3
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 3
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 4
end
arch wwall_3_4
x 11
y 4
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 5
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 5
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 6
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 6
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 7
end
arch wwall_3_4
x 11
y 7
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 8
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 8
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 9
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 9
end
arch afloor_magenta_left
x 11
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_2_4
x 11
y 10
end
arch grass
x 11
y 11
end
arch grass
x 11
y 12
end
arch grass
x 11
y 13
end
arch grass
x 11
y 14
end
arch grass
x 11
y 15
end
arch grass
x 12
end
arch grass
x 12
y 1
end
arch grass
x 12
y 2
end
arch grass
x 12
y 3
end
arch grass
x 12
y 4
end
arch grass
x 12
y 5
end
arch grass
x 12
y 6
end
arch grass
x 12
y 7
end
arch grass
x 12
y 8
end
arch grass
x 12
y 9
end
arch grass
x 12
y 10
end
arch grass
x 12
y 11
end
arch grass
x 12
y 12
end
arch grass
x 12
y 13
end
arch grass
x 12
y 14
end
arch grass
x 12
y 15
end
arch grass
x 13
end
arch grass
x 13
y 1
end
arch grass
x 13
y 2
end
arch brush
x 13
y 3
end
arch grass
x 13
y 4
end
arch grass
x 13
y 5
end
arch grass
x 13
y 6
end
arch evergreen
x 13
y 6
end
arch grass
x 13
y 7
end
arch grass
x 13
y 8
end
arch grass
x 13
y 9
end
arch brush
x 13
y 10
end
arch grass
x 13
y 11
end
arch grass
x 13
y 12
end
arch brush
x 13
y 13
end
arch grass
x 13
y 14
end
arch grass
x 13
y 15
end
arch grass
x 14
end
arch grass
x 14
y 1
end
arch grass
x 14
y 2
end
arch grass
x 14
y 3
end
arch grass
x 14
y 4
end
arch grass
x 14
y 5
end
arch grass
x 14
y 6
end
arch grass
x 14
y 7
end
arch grass
x 14
y 8
end
arch grass
x 14
y 9
end
arch grass
x 14
y 10
end
arch grass
x 14
y 11
end
arch grass
x 14
y 12
end
arch grass
x 14
y 13
end
arch grass
x 14
y 14
end
arch grass
x 14
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 16
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 17
end
arch button_small
name 12 - special
x 17
y 1
connected 12
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 17
y 2
connected 11
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 17
y 3
connected 11
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 4
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 17
y 5
connected 21
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 17
y 6
connected 21
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 17
y 7
connected 21
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 10
end
arch teleporter
name 11
hp 5
sp 5
x 17
y 11
speed 0.000000
connected 11
end
arch diamond_converter
name 1 large nugget -> a food
slaying largenugget
other_arch waybread
food 1
x 17
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 13
end
arch button_small
name 31 - put sign
x 17
y 14
weight 20000
connected 31
end
arch creator
name 21
other_arch small_shield
x 17
y 14
connected 21
end
arch creator
name 11
other_arch small_shield
x 17
y 14
connected 11
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 18
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 18
y 1
connected 11
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 18
y 2
connected 11
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 18
y 3
connected 11
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 4
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 18
y 5
connected 21
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 18
y 6
connected 21
end
arch button_small
name 22 - special
x 18
y 7
connected 22
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 10
end
arch teleporter
name 12
hp 5
sp 5
x 18
y 11
speed 0.000000
connected 12
end
arch diamond_converter
name 1 large nugget -> a food
slaying largenugget
other_arch dragon_steak
food 1
x 18
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 19
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 19
y 1
connected 11
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 19
y 2
connected 11
end
arch button_small
name 11
x 19
y 3
connected 11
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 4
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 19
y 5
connected 21
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 19
y 6
connected 21
end
arch button_small
name 21
x 19
y 7
connected 21
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 10
end
arch teleporter
name 21
hp 9
sp 5
x 19
y 11
speed 0.000000
connected 21
end
arch diamond_converter
name 100 large nuggets -> a potion
slaying largenugget
other_arch potion_heal
food 100
x 19
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 13
end
arch button_small
name 32 - put altar
x 19
y 14
weight 20000
connected 32
end
arch creator
name 22
other_arch small_shield
x 19
y 14
connected 22
end
arch creator
name 12
other_arch small_shield
x 19
y 14
connected 12
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 20
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 10
end
arch teleporter
name 22
hp 9
sp 5
x 20
y 11
speed 0.000000
connected 22
end
arch diamond_converter
name 500 large nuggets -> a potion
slaying largenugget
other_arch potion_shielding
food 500
x 20
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 15
end
arch pit_closed
hp 7
sp 8
x 21
connected 71
end
arch potionstr
x 21
nrof 30
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 1
end
arch pit_closed
hp 7
sp 8
x 21
y 2
connected 72
end
arch rod_heavy
hp 200
maxhp 200
x 21
y 2
speed -0.500000
level 30
value 2000000
randomitems none
identified 1
arch spell_restoration
end
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 7
end
arch pit_open
hp 18
sp 6
x 21
y 8
move_on walk fly_low
end
arch teleporter
hp 21
sp 8
x 21
y 9
end
arch scroll
x 21
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 12
end
arch teleporter
name 31
hp 7
sp 8
x 21
y 13
speed 0.000000
connected 31
end
arch sign
msg
No special offers today.
endmsg
x 21
y 13
end
arch teleporter
name 32
hp 7
sp 8
x 21
y 14
speed 0.000000
connected 32
end
arch altar
name 10000 large nugget -> ???
slaying largenugget
food 10000
x 21
y 14
connected 100
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 22
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 3
end
arch button_small
x 22
y 4
connected 71
end
arch button_small
x 22
y 5
connected 72
end
arch button_small
x 22
y 6
connected 73
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 23
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 1
end
arch pit_closed
hp 7
sp 8
x 23
y 2
connected 73
end
arch random_artifact
x 23
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 3
end
arch button_small
x 23
y 4
connected 71
end
arch button_small
x 23
y 5
connected 72
end
arch button_small
x 23
y 6
connected 73
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 7
end
arch pit_open
hp 18
sp 2
x 23
y 8
end
arch teleporter
hp 23
sp 8
x 23
y 9
end
arch scroll
x 23
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 13
end
arch pit_closed
hp 23
sp 5
x 23
y 14
connected 100
end
arch scroll
x 23
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 24
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 3
end
arch button_small
x 24
y 4
connected 71
end
arch button_small
x 24
y 5
connected 72
end
arch button_small
x 24
y 6
connected 73
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 15
end
