arch map
name House of Freezer
region wassar
width 17
height 16
end
arch bluemarblemedium
end
arch dun_2_2_2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 1
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 2
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 3
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 4
end
arch dun_3_2
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 5
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 6
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 7
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 8
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 9
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 10
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 11
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 12
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 13
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 14
end
arch dun_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
y 15
end
arch dun_2_2_1
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 1
end
arch grate_open_1
x 1
y 1
invisible 1
connected 21
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 16
sp 1
x 1
y 1
connected 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 3
end
arch grate_open_1
x 1
y 3
connected 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 4
end
arch button_handle
name Sell 100 Kilogram Icecube(s)
x 1
y 4
connected 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 1
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 1
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
end
arch dun_3_3
x 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 1
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 2
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 2
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 2
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 3
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 2
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 4
end
arch dun_1_2
x 2
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 2
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 2
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 1
end
arch grate_open_1
x 3
y 1
invisible 1
connected 22
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 16
sp 5
x 3
y 1
connected 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 3
end
arch grate_open_1
x 3
y 3
connected 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 4
end
arch button_handle
name Sell 100 Kilogram Icecube(s)
x 3
y 4
connected 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 3
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 3
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
end
arch dun_3_3
x 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 1
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 4
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 2
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 4
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 3
end
arch dun_3_2
x 4
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 4
end
arch dun_1_2
x 4
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 4
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 4
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 1
end
arch firewall_3
dam 59
x 5
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 2
end
arch firewall_3
dam 59
x 5
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 3
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 5
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 5
y 12
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 13
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 5
y 13
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 14
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 5
y 14
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 5
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 5
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 1
end
arch spikes_closed
x 6
y 1
connected 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 2
end
arch spikes_closed
x 6
y 2
connected 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 3
end
arch dun_1_3
x 6
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 4
end
arch button_handle
name Start/Stop Icer
x 6
y 4
connected 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 6
y 12
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 6
y 15
end
arch dun_1_3
x 6
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 3
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 7
y 3
connected 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 7
y 12
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 7
y 15
end
arch oakdoor_2
slaying ../city-c2
hp 48
sp 15
x 7
y 15
move_on all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 3
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 8
y 3
connected 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 8
y 12
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 13
end
arch sign
msg
Only citizens of Wassar may make icecubes.
endmsg
x 8
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 8
y 15
end
arch oakdoor_2
slaying ../city-c2
hp 48
sp 15
x 8
y 15
move_on all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 1
end
arch spikes_closed
x 9
y 1
connected 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 2
end
arch spikes_closed
x 9
y 2
connected 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 3
end
arch dun_1_4
x 9
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 4
end
arch button_handle
name Open/Close Gate
x 9
y 4
connected 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 9
y 12
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 9
y 15
end
arch dun_1_4
x 9
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 1
end
arch firewall_7
dam 59
x 10
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 2
end
arch firewall_7
dam 59
x 10
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 3
end
arch dun_0
x 10
y 3
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 10
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 10
y 12
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 13
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 10
y 13
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 14
end
arch check_inv
slaying wassar_citizen
x 10
y 14
move_block all
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 10
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 10
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
end
arch dun_3_3
x 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 1
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 11
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 2
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 11
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 3
end
arch dun_0
x 11
y 3
end
arch dun_3_4
x 11
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 4
end
arch dun_0
x 11
y 4
end
arch dun_1_2
x 11
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 11
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 11
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 1
end
arch grate_open_1
x 12
y 1
invisible 1
connected 24
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 16
sp 9
x 12
y 1
connected 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 3
end
arch grate_open_1
x 12
y 3
connected 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 4
end
arch button_handle
name Sell 250 Kilogram Icecube(s)
x 12
y 4
connected 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 12
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 12
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
end
arch dun_3_3
x 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 1
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 13
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 2
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 13
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 3
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 13
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 4
end
arch dun_1_2
x 13
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 13
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 13
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 1
end
arch grate_open_1
x 14
y 1
invisible 1
connected 25
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 16
sp 13
x 14
y 1
connected 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 3
end
arch grate_open_1
x 14
y 3
connected 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 4
end
arch button_handle
name Sell 250 Kilogram Icecube(s)
x 14
y 4
connected 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 8
end
arch water_elemental
msg
@match making
To make icecubes, you can cast ice-spells, or use a freezing room.
We have a small freezing room here, but I've heard the palace ice sauna works as well.
The levers are self-explanatory.

@match icecube|icecubes
Would you like information on making them?

@match *
Hello, please make your icecubes here.
endmsg
x 14
y 8
unaggressive 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 14
y 15
end
arch dun_2_1_2
x 14
y 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
end
arch dun_2_2_3
x 15
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 1
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 1
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 2
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 3
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 3
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 4
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 4
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 5
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 5
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 6
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 6
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 7
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 7
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 8
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 8
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 9
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 9
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 10
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 10
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 11
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 12
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 12
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 13
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 13
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 14
end
arch dun_2_1_1
x 15
y 14
end
arch bluemarblemedium
x 15
y 15
end
arch dun_2_2_4
x 15
y 15
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
end
arch awall_0
x 16
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 1
end
arch button_small
x 16
y 1
weight 100000
connected 21
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 2
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 1
sp 2
x 16
y 2
connected 21
end
arch goldcoin
x 16
y 2
nrof 50
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 3
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 1
sp 2
x 16
y 3
connected 21
end
arch sign
msg
Sorry, this booth has been used. Try another one.
endmsg
x 16
y 3
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 4
end
arch awall_0
x 16
y 4
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 5
end
arch button_small
x 16
y 5
weight 100000
connected 22
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 6
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 3
sp 2
x 16
y 6
connected 22
end
arch goldcoin
x 16
y 6
nrof 50
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 7
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 3
sp 2
x 16
y 7
connected 22
end
arch sign
msg
Sorry, this booth has been used. Try another one.
endmsg
x 16
y 7
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 8
end
arch awall_0
x 16
y 8
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 9
end
arch button_small
x 16
y 9
weight 250000
connected 24
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 10
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 12
sp 2
x 16
y 10
connected 24
end
arch goldcoin
x 16
y 10
nrof 150
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 11
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 12
sp 2
x 16
y 11
connected 24
end
arch sign
msg
Sorry, this booth has been used. Try another one.
endmsg
x 16
y 11
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 12
end
arch awall_0
x 16
y 12
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 13
end
arch button_small
x 16
y 13
weight 250000
connected 25
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 14
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 14
sp 2
x 16
y 14
connected 25
end
arch goldcoin
x 16
y 14
nrof 150
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 16
y 15
end
arch teleporter_connect
hp 14
sp 2
x 16
y 15
connected 25
end
arch sign
msg
Sorry, this booth has been used. Try another one.
endmsg
x 16
y 15
end
