arch map
name basic_hall_left
width 16
height 7
msg
Created:  2020-10-25 Titus
Modified: 2020-10-28 Titus
endmsg
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_2_2
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 4
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_2_1
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 13
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_1_3
x 15
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_0
x 15
y 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_0
x 15
y 2
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch oakdoor
x 15
y 3
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_0
x 15
y 4
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_0
x 15
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch wwall_1_3
x 15
y 6
end
