arch map
name basic_junction
width 17
height 17
msg
Created:  2020-10-19 Titus
Modified: 2020-10-28 Titus
endmsg
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 1
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 2
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 3
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 4
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 5
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 5
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 12
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 13
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 14
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 5
y 15
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 5
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_1_2
x 5
y 16
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 6
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_0
x 6
y 16
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 7
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_0
x 7
y 16
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 8
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch invis_exit
name Go Back
slaying {EXIT_MAP}
face oakdoor.111
hp {EXIT_X}
sp {EXIT_Y}
x 8
y 16
invisible 0
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 9
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_0
x 9
y 16
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 10
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_0
x 10
y 16
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 1
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 2
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 3
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 4
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 11
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 11
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 12
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 12
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 13
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 13
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 14
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 14
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 15
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 15
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 11
y 16
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_1_2
x 11
y 16
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 15
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 11
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 5
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 16
y 5
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 6
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 16
y 6
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 7
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 16
y 7
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 8
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 16
y 8
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 9
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 16
y 9
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 10
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 16
y 10
end
arch tile_floor
name buildable white tiled floor
name_pl buildable white tiled floor
x 16
y 11
unique 1
is buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 16
y 11
end
