arch map
name world_119_120
width 50
height 50
msg
Modified: 2020-10-09 Titus
endmsg
outdoor 1
tile_path_1 world_119_119
tile_path_2 world_120_120
tile_path_3 world_119_121
tile_path_4 world_118_120
end
arch mountain2
elevation 9025
end
arch mountain
y 1
elevation 7150
end
arch mountain
y 2
elevation 7180
end
arch hills
y 3
elevation 4732
end
arch mountain5
y 4
elevation 3624
end
arch mountain5
y 5
elevation 4411
end
arch mountain5
y 6
elevation 4404
end
arch mountain5
y 7
elevation 3796
end
arch mountain5
y 8
elevation 4341
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
y 9
elevation 4989
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
y 10
elevation 5540
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
y 11
elevation 6118
end
arch mountain
y 12
elevation 6427
end
arch mountain
y 13
elevation 6354
end
arch mountain
y 14
elevation 6512
end
arch mountain
y 15
elevation 7121
end
arch mountain
y 16
elevation 7989
end
arch mountain
y 17
elevation 7845
end
arch mountain
y 18
elevation 7129
end
arch mountain
y 19
elevation 5475
end
arch mountain
y 20
elevation 7293
end
arch mountain
y 21
elevation 5017
end
arch mountain
y 22
elevation 8089
end
arch mountain
y 23
elevation 8530
end
arch mountain
y 24
elevation 7926
end
arch mountain
y 25
elevation 5641
end
arch mountain
y 26
elevation 6604
end
arch mountain
y 27
elevation 6236
end
arch mountain
y 28
elevation 5436
end
arch hills
y 29
elevation 3641
end
arch hills
y 30
elevation 4003
end
arch jungle_1
y 31
elevation 2594
end
arch hills
y 32
elevation 3019
end
arch hills
y 33
elevation 3136
end
arch jungle_1
y 34
elevation 2391
end
arch hills
y 35
elevation 3630
end
arch jungle_1
y 36
elevation 2397
end
arch hills
y 37
elevation 3458
end
arch steppe
y 38
elevation 4876
end
arch steppe
y 39
elevation 4585
end
arch jungle_1
y 40
elevation 2739
end
arch hills
y 41
elevation 4447
end
arch mountain
y 42
elevation 5408
end
arch mountain
y 43
elevation 5228
end
arch hills
y 44
elevation 4428
end
arch steppe
y 45
elevation 3423
end
arch jungle_1
y 46
elevation 2568
end
arch jungle_1
y 47
elevation 1871
end
arch jungle_1
y 48
elevation 1289
end
arch jungle_1
y 49
elevation 1912
end
arch mountain
x 1
elevation 8297
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 1
elevation 5703
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 2
elevation 6839
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 3
elevation 6278
end
arch mountain5
x 1
y 4
elevation 4960
end
arch mountain5
x 1
y 5
elevation 5154
end
arch hills
x 1
y 6
elevation 4788
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 1
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 1
y 7
elevation 4564
end
arch hills
x 1
y 8
elevation 4743
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 1
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 9
elevation 5364
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 1
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch steppe
x 1
y 10
elevation 4960
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 1
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 1
y 11
elevation 5277
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 12
elevation 5747
end
arch hills
x 1
y 13
elevation 4316
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 14
elevation 6250
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 15
elevation 6770
end
arch mountain5
x 1
y 16
elevation 6695
end
arch hills_rocky
x 1
y 17
elevation 5846
end
arch hills_rocky
x 1
y 18
elevation 3406
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 19
elevation 5477
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 20
elevation 5974
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 21
elevation 6278
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 22
elevation 6150
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 23
elevation 5094
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 24
elevation 5982
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 25
elevation 5532
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 26
elevation 5284
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 27
elevation 5300
end
arch hills
x 1
y 28
elevation 4363
end
arch hills
x 1
y 29
elevation 4588
end
arch hills
x 1
y 30
elevation 3776
end
arch evergreens
x 1
y 31
elevation 2103
end
arch evergreens
x 1
y 32
elevation 2173
end
arch jungle_1
x 1
y 33
elevation 2568
end
arch jungle_1
x 1
y 34
elevation 2740
end
arch hills
x 1
y 35
elevation 3821
end
arch hills
x 1
y 36
elevation 4497
end
arch steppe
x 1
y 37
elevation 4839
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 38
elevation 5043
end
arch hills
x 1
y 39
elevation 4517
end
arch jungle_1
x 1
y 40
elevation 2787
end
arch steppe
x 1
y 41
elevation 4485
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 42
elevation 5237
end
arch mountain
x 1
y 43
elevation 5149
end
arch hills
x 1
y 44
elevation 4060
end
arch hills
x 1
y 45
elevation 3731
end
arch jungle_1
x 1
y 46
elevation 2807
end
arch jungle_1
x 1
y 47
elevation 1946
end
arch jungle_1
x 1
y 48
elevation 1415
end
arch steppe
x 1
y 49
elevation 3271
end
arch mountain
x 2
elevation 8018
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 1
elevation 7605
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 2
elevation 7168
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 3
elevation 6895
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 4
elevation 6451
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 5
elevation 5963
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 6
elevation 5342
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 2
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 2
y 7
elevation 3395
end
arch hills
x 2
y 8
elevation 4854
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 9
elevation 5156
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 2
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 10
elevation 5197
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 2
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 11
elevation 5243
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 2
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 12
elevation 5272
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 13
elevation 5250
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 14
elevation 5717
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 15
elevation 5945
end
arch mountain5
x 2
y 16
elevation 5422
end
arch hills_rocky
x 2
y 17
elevation 4282
end
arch hills_rocky
x 2
y 18
elevation 2321
end
arch hills_rocky
x 2
y 19
elevation 4543
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 20
elevation 5473
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 21
elevation 5479
end
arch hills
x 2
y 22
elevation 4283
end
arch hills
x 2
y 23
elevation 4677
end
arch hills
x 2
y 24
elevation 4739
end
arch hills
x 2
y 25
elevation 3760
end
arch hills
x 2
y 26
elevation 3593
end
arch hills
x 2
y 27
elevation 4514
end
arch hills
x 2
y 28
elevation 4866
end
arch hills
x 2
y 29
elevation 4788
end
arch hills
x 2
y 30
elevation 4156
end
arch evergreens
x 2
y 31
elevation 2595
end
arch woods_2
x 2
y 32
elevation 1519
end
arch jungle_1
x 2
y 33
elevation 1840
end
arch hills
x 2
y 34
elevation 3416
end
arch hills
x 2
y 35
elevation 4589
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 36
elevation 5235
end
arch mountain
x 2
y 37
elevation 5309
end
arch hills
x 2
y 38
elevation 4914
end
arch hills
x 2
y 39
elevation 4168
end
arch steppe
x 2
y 40
elevation 3959
end
arch steppe
x 2
y 41
elevation 4349
end
arch hills
x 2
y 42
elevation 4897
end
arch hills
x 2
y 43
elevation 4870
end
arch steppe
x 2
y 44
elevation 4438
end
arch hills
x 2
y 45
elevation 3550
end
arch hills
x 2
y 46
elevation 3094
end
arch jungle_1
x 2
y 47
elevation 2717
end
arch steppe
x 2
y 48
elevation 3031
end
arch hills
x 2
y 49
elevation 3755
end
arch mountain
x 3
elevation 7743
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 1
elevation 7469
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 2
elevation 7039
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 3
elevation 6716
end
arch mountain5
x 3
y 4
elevation 6647
end
arch mountain5
x 3
y 5
elevation 6405
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 6
elevation 5712
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 7
elevation 5033
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 7
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 3
y 8
elevation 4155
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 3
y 9
elevation 4291
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 3
y 10
elevation 4337
end
arch hills
x 3
y 11
elevation 4491
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 12
elevation 5204
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 3
y 13
elevation 5322
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 14
elevation 5268
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 3
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 3
y 15
elevation 4973
end
arch mountain5
x 3
y 16
elevation 4471
end
arch hills
x 3
y 17
elevation 3009
end
arch hills
x 3
y 18
elevation 3030
end
arch hills
x 3
y 19
elevation 4042
end
arch hills_rocky
x 3
y 20
elevation 4580
end
arch hills_rocky
x 3
y 21
elevation 4600
end
arch hills_rocky
x 3
y 22
elevation 4120
end
arch hills
x 3
y 23
elevation 4716
end
arch hills
x 3
y 24
elevation 4143
end
arch hills
x 3
y 25
elevation 3730
end
arch jungle_1
x 3
y 26
elevation 2760
end
arch hills
x 3
y 27
elevation 3868
end
arch hills
x 3
y 28
elevation 4859
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 29
elevation 5038
end
arch hills
x 3
y 30
elevation 4609
end
arch hills
x 3
y 31
elevation 3544
end
arch woods_2
x 3
y 32
elevation 2576
end
arch woods_2
x 3
y 33
elevation 2256
end
arch hills
x 3
y 34
elevation 3601
end
arch hills
x 3
y 35
elevation 4827
end
arch mountain
x 3
y 36
elevation 5248
end
arch hills
x 3
y 37
elevation 4848
end
arch hills
x 3
y 38
elevation 4251
end
arch hills
x 3
y 39
elevation 3084
end
arch jungle_1
x 3
y 40
elevation 2538
end
arch hills
x 3
y 41
elevation 3783
end
arch hills
x 3
y 42
elevation 4199
end
arch hills
x 3
y 43
elevation 4089
end
arch hills
x 3
y 44
elevation 4241
end
arch hills
x 3
y 45
elevation 3850
end
arch jungle_1
x 3
y 46
elevation 2878
end
arch jungle_1
x 3
y 47
elevation 2660
end
arch hills
x 3
y 48
elevation 3096
end
arch hills
x 3
y 49
elevation 3675
end
arch mountain
x 4
elevation 7292
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 1
elevation 6822
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 2
elevation 5299
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 3
elevation 5679
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 4
elevation 5990
end
arch mountain5
x 4
y 5
elevation 6304
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 6
elevation 6077
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 7
elevation 5041
end
arch hills_rocky
x 4
y 8
elevation 3927
end
arch jungle_1
x 4
y 9
elevation 2537
end
arch hills
x 4
y 10
elevation 3827
end
arch hills
x 4
y 11
elevation 4470
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 12
elevation 5098
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 4
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 4
y 13
elevation 4990
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 4
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 4
y 14
elevation 3876
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 4
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 4
y 15
elevation 4200
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 4
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 4
y 16
elevation 3865
end
arch evergreens
x 4
y 17
elevation 2955
end
arch woods_2
x 4
y 18
elevation 2793
end
arch hills
x 4
y 19
elevation 3876
end
arch hills
x 4
y 20
elevation 4287
end
arch woods_2
x 4
y 21
elevation 2378
end
arch hills
x 4
y 22
elevation 4564
end
arch hills_rocky
x 4
y 23
elevation 5129
end
arch hills
x 4
y 24
elevation 4709
end
arch hills
x 4
y 25
elevation 3480
end
arch hills
x 4
y 26
elevation 3490
end
arch hills
x 4
y 27
elevation 4180
end
arch hills
x 4
y 28
elevation 4597
end
arch mountain
x 4
y 29
elevation 5017
end
arch hills
x 4
y 30
elevation 4971
end
arch hills
x 4
y 31
elevation 4245
end
arch woods_2
x 4
y 32
elevation 2138
end
arch woods_2
x 4
y 33
elevation 2076
end
arch hills
x 4
y 34
elevation 3413
end
arch hills
x 4
y 35
elevation 4833
end
arch hills
x 4
y 36
elevation 4723
end
arch hills
x 4
y 37
elevation 3888
end
arch hills
x 4
y 38
elevation 3408
end
arch jungle_1
x 4
y 39
elevation 2664
end
arch jungle_1
x 4
y 40
elevation 2338
end
arch jungle_1
x 4
y 41
elevation 2844
end
arch hills
x 4
y 42
elevation 3282
end
arch hills
x 4
y 43
elevation 3622
end
arch hills
x 4
y 44
elevation 3948
end
arch hills
x 4
y 45
elevation 3961
end
arch hills
x 4
y 46
elevation 3333
end
arch jungle_1
x 4
y 47
elevation 1220
end
arch jungle_1
x 4
y 48
elevation 2490
end
arch hills
x 4
y 49
elevation 3394
end
arch mountain
x 5
elevation 7066
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 1
elevation 5841
end
arch hills
x 5
y 2
elevation 4585
end
arch hills
x 5
y 3
elevation 3274
end
arch mountain5
x 5
y 4
elevation 4832
end
arch mountain5
x 5
y 5
elevation 6134
end
arch hills_rocky
x 5
y 6
elevation 6078
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 5
y 7
elevation 4773
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 7
elevation 5467
end
arch woods_2
x 5
y 8
elevation 1834
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 5
y 9
elevation 3192
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 5
y 10
elevation 3923
end
arch hills
x 5
y 11
elevation 4448
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 5
y 12
elevation 4862
end
arch hills
x 5
y 13
elevation 4691
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 5
y 14
elevation 3155
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 5
y 15
elevation 3846
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 5
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 5
y 16
elevation 3125
end
arch mountain5
x 5
y 17
elevation 3351
end
arch hills
x 5
y 18
elevation 3633
end
arch hills
x 5
y 19
elevation 4236
end
arch hills_rocky
x 5
y 20
elevation 4459
end
arch hills
x 5
y 21
elevation 4348
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 22
elevation 5232
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 23
elevation 5633
end
arch hills
x 5
y 24
elevation 4938
end
arch hills
x 5
y 25
elevation 3631
end
arch hills
x 5
y 26
elevation 3824
end
arch hills
x 5
y 27
elevation 4251
end
arch hills
x 5
y 28
elevation 4618
end
arch hills
x 5
y 29
elevation 3032
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 30
elevation 5783
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 31
elevation 5820
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 32
elevation 5139
end
arch hills
x 5
y 33
elevation 4921
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 34
elevation 5117
end
arch mountain
x 5
y 35
elevation 5034
end
arch hills
x 5
y 36
elevation 3742
end
arch woods_2
x 5
y 37
elevation 2422
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 38
elevation 2769
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 39
elevation 2695
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 40
elevation 2069
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 41
elevation 2268
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 42
elevation 1615
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 43
elevation 2940
end
arch hills
x 5
y 44
elevation 3498
end
arch hills
x 5
y 45
elevation 3599
end
arch hills
x 5
y 46
elevation 3568
end
arch hills
x 5
y 47
elevation 3233
end
arch hills
x 5
y 48
elevation 3046
end
arch jungle_1
x 5
y 49
elevation 2999
end
arch mountain
x 6
elevation 7213
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 1
elevation 5979
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 2
elevation 5304
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 3
elevation 5082
end
arch mountain5
x 6
y 4
elevation 5473
end
arch hills
x 6
y 5
elevation 6073
end
arch hills_rocky
x 6
y 6
elevation 5856
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 6
y 7
elevation 4437
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 7
elevation 5467
end
arch evergreens
x 6
y 8
elevation 1932
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch evergreens
x 6
y 9
elevation 2947
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 6
y 10
elevation 4204
end
arch hills
x 6
y 11
elevation 4613
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 6
y 12
elevation 3147
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 6
y 13
elevation 5121
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 6
y 14
elevation 4754
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 6
y 15
elevation 4000
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 6
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 6
y 16
elevation 3263
end
arch woods_2
x 6
y 17
elevation 2648
end
arch hills
x 6
y 18
elevation 4003
end
arch hills
x 6
y 19
elevation 4394
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 20
elevation 5082
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 21
elevation 5511
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 22
elevation 5876
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 23
elevation 5887
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 24
elevation 5228
end
arch evergreens
x 6
y 25
elevation 2946
end
arch hills
x 6
y 26
elevation 3936
end
arch hills
x 6
y 27
elevation 3912
end
arch hills
x 6
y 28
elevation 4582
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 29
elevation 5849
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 30
elevation 7046
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 31
elevation 7537
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 32
elevation 6979
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 33
elevation 6449
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 34
elevation 6034
end
arch mountain
x 6
y 35
elevation 5347
end
arch hills
x 6
y 36
elevation 4023
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 37
elevation 1377
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 38
elevation 2295
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 39
elevation 2777
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 40
elevation 2615
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 41
elevation 2197
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 42
elevation 2030
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 43
elevation 1278
end
arch hills
x 6
y 44
elevation 3107
end
arch hills
x 6
y 45
elevation 3586
end
arch hills
x 6
y 46
elevation 3690
end
arch hills
x 6
y 47
elevation 3343
end
arch hills
x 6
y 48
elevation 3053
end
arch jungle_1
x 6
y 49
elevation 2695
end
arch mountain
x 7
elevation 7262
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 1
elevation 6403
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 2
elevation 5574
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 3
elevation 5268
end
arch mountain5
x 7
y 4
elevation 5544
end
arch hills
x 7
y 5
elevation 5862
end
arch hills_rocky
x 7
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 6
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 7
elevation 4021
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 7
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 8
elevation 3156
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 9
elevation 3935
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 10
elevation 4665
end
arch hills
x 7
y 11
elevation 5057
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 12
elevation 5563
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 13
elevation 5921
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 7
y 14
elevation 5999
end
arch hills
x 7
y 15
elevation 5214
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 7
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 7
y 16
elevation 4210
end
arch mountain5
x 7
y 17
elevation 3325
end
arch hills
x 7
y 18
elevation 4208
end
arch hills
x 7
y 19
elevation 4911
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 20
elevation 5152
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 21
elevation 5869
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 22
elevation 5890
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 23
elevation 6254
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 24
elevation 5389
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 25
elevation 5007
end
arch hills
x 7
y 26
elevation 4310
end
arch hills
x 7
y 27
elevation 3031
end
arch hills
x 7
y 28
elevation 3773
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 29
elevation 6893
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 30
elevation 8482
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 31
elevation 8794
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 32
elevation 7828
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 33
elevation 6577
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 34
elevation 5797
end
arch mountain
x 7
y 35
elevation 5357
end
arch hills
x 7
y 36
elevation 4275
end
arch woods_2
x 7
y 37
elevation 2608
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 38
elevation 2755
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 39
elevation 2972
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 40
elevation 2817
end
arch woods
x 7
y 41
elevation 2001
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 42
elevation 1344
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 43
elevation 2113
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 44
elevation 2679
end
arch hills
x 7
y 45
elevation 3696
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 46
elevation 2744
end
arch hills
x 7
y 47
elevation 3249
end
arch woods_2
x 7
y 48
elevation 1644
end
arch jungle_1
x 7
y 49
elevation 2122
end
arch mountain
x 8
elevation 6965
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 1
elevation 6323
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 2
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 3
elevation 3829
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 4
elevation 5132
end
arch hills
x 8
y 5
elevation 5510
end
arch hills_rocky
x 8
y 6
elevation 4934
end
arch hills
x 8
y 7
elevation 4469
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 7
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 8
elevation 4288
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 9
elevation 4653
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 10
elevation 5297
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 11
elevation 5881
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 12
elevation 6008
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 13
elevation 6249
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 14
elevation 6159
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 8
y 15
elevation 5425
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 8
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 8
y 16
elevation 4205
end
arch mountain5
x 8
y 17
elevation 3668
end
arch hills
x 8
y 18
elevation 4106
end
arch hills
x 8
y 19
elevation 4741
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 20
elevation 5146
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 21
elevation 5698
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 22
elevation 6303
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 23
elevation 6620
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 24
elevation 6416
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 25
elevation 5748
end
arch hills
x 8
y 26
elevation 4925
end
arch hills
x 8
y 27
elevation 4009
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 28
elevation 5203
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 29
elevation 7145
end
arch mountain2
x 8
y 30
elevation 9041
end
arch mountain2
x 8
y 31
elevation 9443
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 32
elevation 8222
end
arch hills
x 8
y 33
elevation 4405
end
arch hills
x 8
y 34
elevation 4252
end
arch mountain
x 8
y 35
elevation 5332
end
arch hills
x 8
y 36
elevation 4652
end
arch hills
x 8
y 37
elevation 3104
end
arch steppe
x 8
y 38
elevation 3102
end
arch hills
x 8
y 39
elevation 3140
end
arch jungle_1
x 8
y 40
elevation 2952
end
arch evergreens
x 8
y 41
elevation 2490
end
arch woods
x 8
y 42
elevation 2059
end
arch jungle_1
x 8
y 43
elevation 2324
end
arch hills
x 8
y 44
elevation 3090
end
arch hills
x 8
y 45
elevation 3831
end
arch hills
x 8
y 46
elevation 3906
end
arch hills_rocky
x 8
y 47
elevation 3079
end
arch jungle_1
x 8
y 48
elevation 2295
end
arch jungle_1
x 8
y 49
elevation 2076
end
arch mountain
x 9
elevation 5880
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 1
elevation 6272
end
arch steppe
x 9
y 2
elevation 4910
end
arch hills
x 9
y 3
elevation 4414
end
arch hills
x 9
y 4
elevation 4229
end
arch hills_rocky
x 9
y 5
elevation 5658
end
arch hills
x 9
y 6
elevation 5484
end
arch hills
x 9
y 7
elevation 3893
end
arch hills
x 9
y 8
elevation 5016
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 9
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 9
y 9
elevation 4814
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 9
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 9
y 10
elevation 5832
end
arch hills
x 9
y 11
elevation 6174
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 9
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 9
y 12
elevation 5960
end
arch hills
x 9
y 13
elevation 3982
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 9
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 9
y 14
elevation 5611
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 9
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 9
y 15
elevation 4818
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 9
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 9
y 16
elevation 2432
end
arch mountain5
x 9
y 17
elevation 2338
end
arch hills
x 9
y 18
elevation 3470
end
arch mountain5
x 9
y 19
elevation 3974
end
arch hills_rocky
x 9
y 20
elevation 4494
end
arch hills
x 9
y 21
elevation 4595
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 22
elevation 6069
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 23
elevation 6483
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 24
elevation 6203
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 25
elevation 5708
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 26
elevation 5078
end
arch steppe
x 9
y 27
elevation 4751
end
arch hills
x 9
y 28
elevation 4279
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 29
elevation 6682
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 30
elevation 8763
end
arch mountain2
x 9
y 31
elevation 9180
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 32
elevation 8096
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 33
elevation 6673
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 34
elevation 5402
end
arch mountain
x 9
y 35
elevation 5602
end
arch hills
x 9
y 36
elevation 4934
end
arch steppe
x 9
y 37
elevation 3900
end
arch steppe
x 9
y 38
elevation 3124
end
arch hills
x 9
y 39
elevation 3116
end
arch jungle_1
x 9
y 40
elevation 2983
end
arch jungle_1
x 9
y 41
elevation 2586
end
arch jungle_1
x 9
y 42
elevation 2316
end
arch jungle_1
x 9
y 43
elevation 1268
end
arch hills
x 9
y 44
elevation 3155
end
arch hills
x 9
y 45
elevation 3853
end
arch hills
x 9
y 46
elevation 3874
end
arch hills_rocky
x 9
y 47
elevation 3199
end
arch jungle_1
x 9
y 48
elevation 1403
end
arch hills
x 9
y 49
elevation 1085
end
arch mountain
x 10
elevation 7045
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 1
elevation 6529
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 2
elevation 6089
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 3
elevation 6373
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 4
elevation 6598
end
arch hills
x 10
y 5
elevation 6089
end
arch hills
x 10
y 6
elevation 6343
end
arch hills
x 10
y 7
elevation 5934
end
arch hills
x 10
y 8
elevation 5623
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 10
y 8
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 10
y 9
elevation 5810
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 10
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 10
y 10
elevation 5821
end
arch hills
x 10
y 11
elevation 5790
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 10
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 10
y 12
elevation 5650
end
arch hills
x 10
y 13
elevation 5598
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 10
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 10
y 14
elevation 4981
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 10
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 10
y 15
elevation 4048
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 10
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 10
y 16
elevation 2729
end
arch mountain5
x 10
y 17
elevation 2248
end
arch mountain5
x 10
y 18
elevation 2802
end
arch mountain5
x 10
y 19
elevation 2465
end
arch mountain5
x 10
y 20
elevation 2623
end
arch hills_rocky
x 10
y 21
elevation 5284
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 22
elevation 5971
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 23
elevation 5333
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 24
elevation 5585
end
arch hills
x 10
y 25
elevation 3730
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 26
elevation 5001
end
arch hills
x 10
y 27
elevation 4864
end
arch hills
x 10
y 28
elevation 3659
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 29
elevation 6368
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 30
elevation 7930
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 31
elevation 8268
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 32
elevation 7689
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 33
elevation 7045
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 34
elevation 6616
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 35
elevation 6054
end
arch mountain
x 10
y 36
elevation 5209
end
arch steppe
x 10
y 37
elevation 3498
end
arch tree
x 10
y 38
elevation 2836
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 39
elevation 2503
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 40
elevation 2910
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 41
elevation 2386
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 42
elevation 2382
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 43
elevation 2698
end
arch hills
x 10
y 44
elevation 3041
end
arch hills_rocky
x 10
y 45
elevation 3303
end
arch hills
x 10
y 46
elevation 3274
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 47
elevation 2941
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 48
elevation 2250
end
arch jungle_1
x 10
y 49
elevation 1866
end
arch mountain
x 11
elevation 7632
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 1
elevation 7457
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 2
elevation 6945
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 3
elevation 7972
end
arch hills_rocky
x 11
y 4
elevation 8377
end
arch hills
x 11
y 5
elevation 8037
end
arch hills
x 11
y 6
elevation 7076
end
arch hills
x 11
y 7
elevation 6431
end
arch hills
x 11
y 8
elevation 6115
end
arch hills
x 11
y 9
elevation 5924
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 11
y 10
elevation 5591
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 11
y 11
elevation 4233
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 11
y 12
elevation 5389
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 11
y 13
elevation 5603
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 11
y 14
elevation 5151
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 11
y 15
elevation 3176
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 11
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 11
y 16
elevation 4232
end
arch mountain5
x 11
y 17
elevation 3870
end
arch mountain5
x 11
y 18
elevation 2808
end
arch mountain5
x 11
y 19
elevation 1791
end
arch mountain5
x 11
y 20
elevation 4958
end
arch mountain5
x 11
y 21
elevation 6088
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 22
elevation 6325
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 23
elevation 5533
end
arch hills
x 11
y 24
elevation 4714
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 25
elevation 5244
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 26
elevation 5022
end
arch hills
x 11
y 27
elevation 4566
end
arch hills
x 11
y 28
elevation 4608
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 29
elevation 5548
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 30
elevation 6977
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 31
elevation 7374
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 32
elevation 6641
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 33
elevation 5901
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 34
elevation 6522
end
arch mountain
x 11
y 35
elevation 6228
end
arch hills
x 11
y 36
elevation 4800
end
arch hills
x 11
y 37
elevation 4555
end
arch hills
x 11
y 38
elevation 3762
end
arch hills
x 11
y 39
elevation 3169
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 40
elevation 2746
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 41
elevation 2256
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 42
elevation 2146
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 43
elevation 2784
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 44
elevation 2940
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 45
elevation 2176
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 46
elevation 2434
end
arch hills
x 11
y 47
elevation 2748
end
arch jungle_1
x 11
y 48
elevation 2263
end
arch woods_3
x 11
y 49
elevation 1131
end
arch mountain
x 12
elevation 8234
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 1
elevation 8332
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 2
elevation 7554
end
arch mountain2
x 12
y 3
elevation 9352
end
arch hills_rocky
x 12
y 4
elevation 9675
end
arch hills
x 12
y 5
elevation 8929
end
arch hills
x 12
y 6
elevation 7399
end
arch hills
x 12
y 7
elevation 4814
end
arch hills
x 12
y 8
elevation 6356
end
arch hills
x 12
y 9
elevation 6489
end
arch hills
x 12
y 10
elevation 5023
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 12
y 11
elevation 4137
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 12
y 12
elevation 5040
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 12
y 13
elevation 5347
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 12
y 14
elevation 5297
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 12
y 15
elevation 5422
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 16
elevation 5527
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 16
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 17
elevation 5689
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 18
elevation 5612
end
arch hills_rocky
x 12
y 19
elevation 5887
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 12
y 19
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 12
y 20
elevation 6478
end
arch mountain5
x 12
y 21
elevation 7126
end
arch mountain5
x 12
y 22
elevation 6953
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 23
elevation 5925
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 24
elevation 5135
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 25
elevation 5649
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 26
elevation 5310
end
arch hills
x 12
y 27
elevation 3360
end
arch woods_2
x 12
y 28
elevation 2328
end
arch hills
x 12
y 29
elevation 4822
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 30
elevation 5955
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 31
elevation 6745
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 32
elevation 6172
end
arch hills
x 12
y 33
elevation 4931
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 34
elevation 5737
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 35
elevation 5930
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 36
elevation 5561
end
arch mountain
x 12
y 37
elevation 5041
end
arch steppe
x 12
y 38
elevation 4229
end
arch jungle_1
x 12
y 39
elevation 2642
end
arch jungle_1
x 12
y 40
elevation 2834
end
arch woods_2
x 12
y 41
elevation 2504
end
arch tree
x 12
y 42
elevation 1381
end
arch hills_rocky
x 12
y 43
elevation 3092
end
arch hills
x 12
y 44
elevation 3007
end
arch hills
x 12
y 45
elevation 3217
end
arch jungle_1
x 12
y 46
elevation 2905
end
arch jungle_1
x 12
y 47
elevation 2345
end
arch jungle_1
x 12
y 48
elevation 2013
end
arch woods_2
x 12
y 49
elevation 1745
end
arch mountain
x 13
elevation 8635
end
arch mountain2
x 13
y 1
elevation 9053
end
arch mountain2
x 13
y 2
elevation 9560
end
arch mountain2
x 13
y 3
elevation 10235
end
arch hills_rocky
x 13
y 4
elevation 10246
end
arch hills
x 13
y 5
elevation 9323
end
arch hills
x 13
y 6
elevation 7304
end
arch hills
x 13
y 7
elevation 5361
end
arch fogexit
x 13
y 7
end
arch hills
x 13
y 8
elevation 6899
end
arch hills
x 13
y 9
elevation 7211
end
arch hills
x 13
y 10
elevation 6730
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 10
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 13
y 11
elevation 5983
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 11
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 13
y 12
elevation 5484
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 13
y 13
elevation 4090
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 13
y 14
elevation 5744
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 13
y 15
elevation 6148
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 16
elevation 6453
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 16
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 17
elevation 6717
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 17
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 18
elevation 7160
end
arch hills_rocky
x 13
y 19
elevation 7438
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 19
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 13
y 20
elevation 7605
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 20
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 13
y 21
elevation 7797
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 13
y 21
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 13
y 22
elevation 7529
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 23
elevation 6877
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 24
elevation 6334
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 25
elevation 5890
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 26
elevation 5521
end
arch hills
x 13
y 27
elevation 4954
end
arch hills
x 13
y 28
elevation 4800
end
arch hills
x 13
y 29
elevation 4623
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 30
elevation 6359
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 31
elevation 6478
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 32
elevation 5661
end
arch hills
x 13
y 33
elevation 3851
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 34
elevation 5047
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 35
elevation 5489
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 36
elevation 5667
end
arch mountain
x 13
y 37
elevation 5195
end
arch steppe
x 13
y 38
elevation 4277
end
arch jungle_1
x 13
y 39
elevation 2796
end
arch jungle_1
x 13
y 40
elevation 2992
end
arch hills
x 13
y 41
elevation 3020
end
arch hills
x 13
y 42
elevation 3260
end
arch hills
x 13
y 43
elevation 3770
end
arch hills
x 13
y 44
elevation 4464
end
arch hills
x 13
y 45
elevation 4567
end
arch hills
x 13
y 46
elevation 3732
end
arch desert
x 13
y 47
elevation 868
end
arch jungle_1
x 13
y 48
elevation 1482
end
arch jungle_1
x 13
y 49
elevation 2826
end
arch mountain2
x 14
elevation 9028
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 1
elevation 8193
end
arch mountain2
x 14
y 2
elevation 10089
end
arch mountain2
x 14
y 3
elevation 10587
end
arch hills_rocky
x 14
y 4
elevation 10309
end
arch hills
x 14
y 5
elevation 9431
end
arch hills
x 14
y 6
elevation 8276
end
arch hills
x 14
y 7
elevation 7823
end
arch hills
x 14
y 8
elevation 7296
end
arch hills
x 14
y 9
elevation 7988
end
arch hills
x 14
y 10
elevation 7767
end
arch hills
x 14
y 11
elevation 6388
end
arch hills
x 14
y 12
elevation 6072
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 12
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 14
y 13
elevation 5774
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 14
y 14
elevation 5969
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 14
y 15
elevation 6407
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 14
y 16
elevation 6091
end
arch hills
x 14
y 17
elevation 6907
end
arch hills_rocky
x 14
y 18
elevation 7255
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 18
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 14
y 19
elevation 7527
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 19
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 20
elevation 7676
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 20
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 21
elevation 7896
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 14
y 21
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 14
y 22
elevation 7850
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 23
elevation 7302
end
arch mountain5
x 14
y 24
elevation 6841
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 25
elevation 6246
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 26
elevation 6292
end
arch hills
x 14
y 27
elevation 4782
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 28
elevation 5946
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 29
elevation 6588
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 30
elevation 7024
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 31
elevation 6758
end
arch hills
x 14
y 32
elevation 4972
end
arch steppe
x 14
y 33
elevation 3917
end
arch steppe
x 14
y 34
elevation 4478
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 35
elevation 5026
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 36
elevation 5378
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 37
elevation 5024
end
arch hills
x 14
y 38
elevation 4172
end
arch jungle_1
x 14
y 39
elevation 2660
end
arch hills
x 14
y 40
elevation 3494
end
arch hills
x 14
y 41
elevation 3645
end
arch hills
x 14
y 42
elevation 3754
end
arch hills
x 14
y 43
elevation 4576
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 44
elevation 5527
end
arch mountain
x 14
y 45
elevation 5678
end
arch hills
x 14
y 46
elevation 4693
end
arch hills
x 14
y 47
elevation 3121
end
arch jungle_1
x 14
y 48
elevation 1885
end
arch hills
x 14
y 49
elevation 3314
end
arch mountain2
x 15
elevation 9172
end
arch mountain2
x 15
y 1
elevation 9567
end
arch mountain2
x 15
y 2
elevation 10073
end
arch mountain2
x 15
y 3
elevation 10294
end
arch hills_rocky
x 15
y 4
elevation 9977
end
arch hills
x 15
y 5
elevation 8841
end
arch hills
x 15
y 6
elevation 9123
end
arch hills
x 15
y 7
elevation 8696
end
arch hills
x 15
y 8
elevation 8108
end
arch hills
x 15
y 9
elevation 8147
end
arch hills
x 15
y 10
elevation 8047
end
arch hills
x 15
y 11
elevation 7102
end
arch hills
x 15
y 12
elevation 6466
end
arch hills
x 15
y 13
elevation 5790
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 15
y 14
elevation 5674
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 15
y 15
elevation 6135
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 15
y 16
elevation 6507
end
arch hills_rocky
x 15
y 17
elevation 6587
end
arch hills_rocky
x 15
y 18
elevation 6540
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 18
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 15
y 19
elevation 5906
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 19
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 20
elevation 7126
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 20
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 21
elevation 7320
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 15
y 21
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 15
y 22
elevation 7538
end
arch mountain5
x 15
y 23
elevation 7302
end
arch mountain5
x 15
y 24
elevation 5923
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 25
elevation 7500
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 26
elevation 7205
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 27
elevation 6486
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 28
elevation 6405
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 29
elevation 7103
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 30
elevation 7693
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 31
elevation 7310
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 32
elevation 5842
end
arch hills
x 15
y 33
elevation 3840
end
arch hills
x 15
y 34
elevation 3249
end
arch steppe
x 15
y 35
elevation 4500
end
arch steppe
x 15
y 36
elevation 4323
end
arch hills
x 15
y 37
elevation 4589
end
arch steppe
x 15
y 38
elevation 3257
end
arch hills
x 15
y 39
elevation 3582
end
arch hills
x 15
y 40
elevation 4211
end
arch hills
x 15
y 41
elevation 4789
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 42
elevation 5061
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 43
elevation 5488
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 44
elevation 6002
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 45
elevation 6140
end
arch mountain
x 15
y 46
elevation 5484
end
arch hills
x 15
y 47
elevation 4427
end
arch hills
x 15
y 48
elevation 3839
end
arch hills
x 15
y 49
elevation 3704
end
arch mountain2
x 16
elevation 9314
end
arch mountain2
x 16
y 1
elevation 9836
end
arch hills_rocky
x 16
y 2
elevation 10002
end
arch hills
x 16
y 3
elevation 9791
end
arch hills_rocky
x 16
y 4
elevation 9123
end
arch mountain2
x 16
y 5
elevation 9405
end
arch hills
x 16
y 6
elevation 9540
end
arch hills
x 16
y 7
elevation 9274
end
arch hills
x 16
y 8
elevation 8051
end
arch hills
x 16
y 9
elevation 5419
end
arch hills
x 16
y 10
elevation 8256
end
arch hills
x 16
y 11
elevation 7789
end
arch hills
x 16
y 12
elevation 6500
end
arch hills
x 16
y 13
elevation 4828
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 16
y 13
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 16
y 14
elevation 3675
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 16
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 16
y 15
elevation 5692
end
arch hills
x 16
y 16
elevation 6168
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 16
y 16
elevation 5467
end
arch hills_rocky
x 16
y 17
elevation 4682
end
arch hills_rocky
x 16
y 18
elevation 6044
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 19
elevation 5713
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 20
elevation 5876
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 16
y 20
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 21
elevation 7169
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 16
y 21
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 16
y 22
elevation 5159
end
arch mountain5
x 16
y 23
elevation 7200
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 24
elevation 7714
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 25
elevation 8092
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 26
elevation 8088
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 27
elevation 6569
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 28
elevation 5593
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 29
elevation 6513
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 30
elevation 8097
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 31
elevation 7973
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 32
elevation 5833
end
arch hills
x 16
y 33
elevation 4110
end
arch hills
x 16
y 34
elevation 4162
end
arch steppe
x 16
y 35
elevation 4628
end
arch steppe
x 16
y 36
elevation 3217
end
arch hills
x 16
y 37
elevation 4500
end
arch steppe
x 16
y 38
elevation 4292
end
arch hills
x 16
y 39
elevation 3362
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 40
elevation 5513
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 41
elevation 6033
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 42
elevation 6331
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 43
elevation 5357
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 44
elevation 5945
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 45
elevation 6648
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 46
elevation 5286
end
arch mountain
x 16
y 47
elevation 5184
end
arch hills
x 16
y 48
elevation 4770
end
arch hills
x 16
y 49
elevation 4219
end
arch hills
x 17
elevation 7039
end
arch hills
x 17
y 1
elevation 9879
end
arch hills
x 17
y 2
elevation 10476
end
arch hills
x 17
y 3
elevation 10158
end
arch hills
x 17
y 4
elevation 8655
end
arch hills
x 17
y 5
elevation 9531
end
arch hills
x 17
y 6
elevation 9508
end
arch hills
x 17
y 7
elevation 9228
end
arch hills
x 17
y 8
elevation 8666
end
arch hills
x 17
y 9
elevation 8499
end
arch hills
x 17
y 10
elevation 8322
end
arch hills
x 17
y 11
elevation 7521
end
arch hills
x 17
y 12
elevation 6208
end
arch hills
x 17
y 13
elevation 4876
end
arch hills
x 17
y 14
elevation 3180
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 17
y 14
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 17
y 15
elevation 5720
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 17
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 16
elevation 6023
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 17
elevation 5172
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 18
elevation 5854
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 19
elevation 6594
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 20
elevation 7138
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 17
y 20
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 21
elevation 7462
end
arch mountain5
x 17
y 22
elevation 7484
end
arch mountain5
x 17
y 23
elevation 7184
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 24
elevation 6692
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 25
elevation 8184
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 26
elevation 8246
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 27
elevation 7193
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 28
elevation 5335
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 29
elevation 6936
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 30
elevation 8154
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 31
elevation 8412
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 32
elevation 7490
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 33
elevation 6357
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 34
elevation 5189
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 35
elevation 5745
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 36
elevation 5738
end
arch hills
x 17
y 37
elevation 4869
end
arch hills
x 17
y 38
elevation 4319
end
arch hills
x 17
y 39
elevation 4878
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 40
elevation 7167
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 41
elevation 8659
end
arch mountain2
x 17
y 42
elevation 9350
end
arch mountain2
x 17
y 43
elevation 9612
end
arch mountain2
x 17
y 44
elevation 9388
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 45
elevation 8575
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 46
elevation 6675
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 47
elevation 6338
end
arch mountain
x 17
y 48
elevation 5632
end
arch hills
x 17
y 49
elevation 4005
end
arch hills
x 18
elevation 9040
end
arch hills
x 18
y 1
elevation 9645
end
arch hills
x 18
y 2
elevation 10516
end
arch hills
x 18
y 3
elevation 10507
end
arch hills
x 18
y 4
elevation 10023
end
arch hills
x 18
y 5
elevation 9250
end
arch hills
x 18
y 6
elevation 8417
end
arch hills
x 18
y 7
elevation 8446
end
arch hills
x 18
y 8
elevation 8493
end
arch hills
x 18
y 9
elevation 8443
end
arch hills
x 18
y 10
elevation 8155
end
arch hills
x 18
y 11
elevation 7602
end
arch hills
x 18
y 12
elevation 6997
end
arch hills
x 18
y 13
elevation 6426
end
arch hills_rocky
x 18
y 14
elevation 6375
end
arch hills_rocky
x 18
y 15
elevation 6500
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 18
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 16
elevation 6544
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 17
elevation 5814
end
arch hills
x 18
y 18
elevation 4006
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 19
elevation 7594
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 20
elevation 8597
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 21
elevation 8534
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 18
y 21
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 18
y 22
elevation 7594
end
arch mountain5
x 18
y 23
elevation 7517
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 24
elevation 6440
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 25
elevation 7770
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 26
elevation 8199
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 27
elevation 7266
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 28
elevation 5671
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 29
elevation 6072
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 30
elevation 8359
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 31
elevation 8796
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 32
elevation 8310
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 33
elevation 7628
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 34
elevation 7237
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 35
elevation 7193
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 36
elevation 7175
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 37
elevation 6543
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 38
elevation 6018
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 39
elevation 6697
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 40
elevation 8705
end
arch mountain2
x 18
y 41
elevation 10744
end
arch mountain4
x 18
y 42
elevation 12050
end
arch mountain4
x 18
y 43
elevation 12535
end
arch mountain4
x 18
y 44
elevation 12124
end
arch mountain2
x 18
y 45
elevation 11005
end
arch mountain2
x 18
y 46
elevation 9430
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 47
elevation 7897
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 48
elevation 6362
end
arch mountain
x 18
y 49
elevation 5570
end
arch hills
x 19
elevation 8609
end
arch hills
x 19
y 1
elevation 8980
end
arch hills
x 19
y 2
elevation 9773
end
arch hills
x 19
y 3
elevation 10093
end
arch hills
x 19
y 4
elevation 9599
end
arch hills
x 19
y 5
elevation 8793
end
arch hills
x 19
y 6
elevation 7076
end
arch hills
x 19
y 7
elevation 6801
end
arch hills
x 19
y 8
elevation 6874
end
arch hills
x 19
y 9
elevation 7589
end
arch hills
x 19
y 10
elevation 6991
end
arch hills
x 19
y 11
elevation 6602
end
arch hills
x 19
y 12
elevation 6586
end
arch hills
x 19
y 13
elevation 6785
end
arch hills
x 19
y 14
elevation 6852
end
arch hills_rocky
x 19
y 15
elevation 6826
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 19
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 16
elevation 6863
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 19
y 16
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 17
elevation 6618
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 18
elevation 7139
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 19
elevation 8204
end
arch mountain2
x 19
y 20
elevation 9181
end
arch mountain2
x 19
y 21
elevation 9106
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 19
y 21
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 19
y 22
elevation 8610
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 23
elevation 7762
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 24
elevation 6267
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 25
elevation 7712
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 26
elevation 8112
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 27
elevation 7547
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 28
elevation 5429
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 29
elevation 7648
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 30
elevation 8430
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 31
elevation 8774
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 32
elevation 8782
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 33
elevation 8661
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 34
elevation 7420
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 35
elevation 8550
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 36
elevation 8465
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 37
elevation 7664
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 38
elevation 6115
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 39
elevation 6263
end
arch mountain2
x 19
y 40
elevation 9915
end
arch mountain4
x 19
y 41
elevation 12184
end
arch mountain4
x 19
y 42
elevation 13466
end
arch mountain4
x 19
y 43
elevation 14502
end
arch mountain4
x 19
y 44
elevation 14306
end
arch mountain4
x 19
y 45
elevation 12454
end
arch mountain2
x 19
y 46
elevation 11550
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 47
elevation 8927
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 48
elevation 7607
end
arch mountain
x 19
y 49
elevation 6668
end
arch hills
x 20
elevation 5772
end
arch hills
x 20
y 1
elevation 6955
end
arch hills
x 20
y 2
elevation 8911
end
arch hills
x 20
y 3
elevation 8734
end
arch hills
x 20
y 4
elevation 8580
end
arch hills
x 20
y 5
elevation 7919
end
arch hills
x 20
y 6
elevation 7727
end
arch hills
x 20
y 7
elevation 7571
end
arch hills
x 20
y 8
elevation 7216
end
arch hills
x 20
y 9
elevation 6882
end
arch hills
x 20
y 10
elevation 5597
end
arch hills
x 20
y 11
elevation 3086
end
arch hills
x 20
y 12
elevation 5463
end
arch hills
x 20
y 13
elevation 6121
end
arch hills
x 20
y 14
elevation 5300
end
arch hills_rocky
x 20
y 15
elevation 6392
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 16
elevation 6147
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 17
elevation 6783
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 18
elevation 7115
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 19
elevation 7658
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 20
elevation 8254
end
arch mountain5
x 20
y 21
elevation 8384
end
arch mountain5
x 20
y 22
elevation 7889
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 23
elevation 7385
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 24
elevation 7324
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 25
elevation 7462
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 26
elevation 7996
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 27
elevation 7839
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 28
elevation 7858
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 29
elevation 8255
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 30
elevation 8657
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 31
elevation 7596
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 32
elevation 8916
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 33
elevation 9553
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 34
elevation 9829
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 35
elevation 9240
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 36
elevation 9809
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 37
elevation 9091
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 38
elevation 6142
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 39
elevation 8407
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 40
elevation 10729
end
arch mountain4
x 20
y 41
elevation 12883
end
arch mountain4
x 20
y 42
elevation 14586
end
arch mountain4
x 20
y 43
elevation 15711
end
arch mountain4
x 20
y 44
elevation 15670
end
arch mountain4
x 20
y 45
elevation 14553
end
arch mountain4
x 20
y 46
elevation 13099
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 47
elevation 11666
end
arch mountain2
x 20
y 48
elevation 9868
end
arch mountain
x 20
y 49
elevation 5512
end
arch hills
x 21
elevation 6829
end
arch hills
x 21
y 1
elevation 7828
end
arch hills
x 21
y 2
elevation 8239
end
arch hills
x 21
y 3
elevation 7956
end
arch hills
x 21
y 4
elevation 7601
end
arch hills
x 21
y 5
elevation 6570
end
arch hills
x 21
y 6
elevation 7555
end
arch hills
x 21
y 7
elevation 7891
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 8
elevation 7617
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 9
elevation 6793
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 10
elevation 5734
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 11
elevation 3542
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 12
elevation 5518
end
arch hills
x 21
y 13
elevation 4193
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 14
elevation 5787
end
arch hills_rocky
x 21
y 15
elevation 6265
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 21
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 16
elevation 5279
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 17
elevation 6607
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 18
elevation 6107
end
arch hills
x 21
y 19
elevation 4439
end
arch mountain5
x 21
y 20
elevation 6381
end
arch mountain5
x 21
y 21
elevation 6352
end
arch mountain5
x 21
y 22
elevation 5520
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 23
elevation 5731
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 24
elevation 6907
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 25
elevation 7424
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 26
elevation 7503
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 27
elevation 7781
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 28
elevation 8114
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 29
elevation 8227
end
arch mountain
x 21
y 30
elevation 8799
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 31
elevation 9331
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 32
elevation 9768
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 33
elevation 10511
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 34
elevation 11012
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 35
elevation 11275
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 36
elevation 11419
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 37
elevation 10768
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 38
elevation 9813
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 39
elevation 9832
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 40
elevation 11294
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 41
elevation 12740
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 42
elevation 14617
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 43
elevation 15903
end
arch mountain5
x 21
y 44
elevation 16309
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 45
elevation 15560
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 46
elevation 13685
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 47
elevation 13374
end
arch mountain4
x 21
y 48
elevation 12323
end
arch mountain2
x 21
y 49
elevation 10429
end
arch hills
x 22
elevation 8146
end
arch hills
x 22
y 1
elevation 8331
end
arch hills
x 22
y 2
elevation 7651
end
arch hills
x 22
y 3
elevation 7543
end
arch hills
x 22
y 4
elevation 6917
end
arch hills
x 22
y 5
elevation 5862
end
arch hills
x 22
y 6
elevation 7165
end
arch hills
x 22
y 7
elevation 7641
end
arch hills_rocky
x 22
y 8
elevation 7603
end
arch hills_rocky
x 22
y 9
elevation 7059
end
arch hills_rocky
x 22
y 10
elevation 5063
end
arch hills_rocky
x 22
y 11
elevation 6785
end
arch hills_rocky
x 22
y 12
elevation 6953
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 13
elevation 6367
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 14
elevation 6769
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 15
elevation 7396
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 22
y 15
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 16
elevation 7604
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 22
y 16
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 17
elevation 6986
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 22
y 17
elevation 5467
end
arch hills
x 22
y 18
elevation 4235
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 22
y 18
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 22
y 19
elevation 3844
end
arch mountain5
x 22
y 20
elevation 5028
end
arch mountain5
x 22
y 21
elevation 4342
end
arch woods_2
x 22
y 22
elevation 1983
end
arch hills
x 22
y 23
elevation 4925
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 24
elevation 6028
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 25
elevation 6595
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 26
elevation 6828
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 27
elevation 7339
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 28
elevation 8010
end
arch mountain
x 22
y 29
elevation 8086
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 30
elevation 9376
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 31
elevation 9589
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 32
elevation 10944
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 33
elevation 11518
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 34
elevation 10731
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 35
elevation 12409
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 36
elevation 12422
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 37
elevation 11847
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 38
elevation 11402
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 39
elevation 11041
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 40
elevation 11000
end
arch mountain2
x 22
y 41
elevation 11871
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 42
elevation 13372
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 43
elevation 14912
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 44
elevation 15824
end
arch mountain5
x 22
y 45
elevation 16110
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 46
elevation 15922
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 47
elevation 15471
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 48
elevation 14824
end
arch mountain4
x 22
y 49
elevation 12569
end
arch hills
x 23
elevation 9173
end
arch hills
x 23
y 1
elevation 8646
end
arch hills
x 23
y 2
elevation 8345
end
arch hills
x 23
y 3
elevation 6904
end
arch hills
x 23
y 4
elevation 5738
end
arch hills
x 23
y 5
elevation 6533
end
arch hills
x 23
y 6
elevation 6536
end
arch hills
x 23
y 7
elevation 7056
end
arch hills_rocky
x 23
y 8
elevation 7180
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 9
elevation 7026
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 10
elevation 7445
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 11
elevation 8193
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 12
elevation 8790
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 13
elevation 8717
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 14
elevation 8228
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 15
elevation 8545
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 16
elevation 8407
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 17
elevation 7549
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 18
elevation 6412
end
arch fogexit
slaying /mlab/highlands
msg
You enter the Highlands!
endmsg
hp 131
sp 72
x 23
y 18
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 19
elevation 5345
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 20
elevation 4559
end
arch hills
x 23
y 21
elevation 3636
end
arch hills
x 23
y 22
elevation 3351
end
arch hills
x 23
y 23
elevation 4320
end
arch hills
x 23
y 24
elevation 4527
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 25
elevation 5782
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 26
elevation 5687
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 27
elevation 5934
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 28
elevation 7626
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 29
elevation 8772
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 30
elevation 9672
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 31
elevation 10803
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 32
elevation 11791
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 33
elevation 12417
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 34
elevation 12879
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 35
elevation 12976
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 36
elevation 11966
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 37
elevation 11536
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 38
elevation 11980
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 39
elevation 11718
end
arch mountain
x 23
y 40
elevation 8869
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 41
elevation 9082
end
arch mountain2
x 23
y 42
elevation 11521
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 43
elevation 12544
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 44
elevation 14239
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 45
elevation 15855
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 46
elevation 16800
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 47
elevation 16988
end
arch mountain5
x 23
y 48
elevation 16225
end
arch mountain4
x 23
y 49
elevation 13831
end
arch hills
x 24
elevation 10563
end
arch hills
x 24
y 1
elevation 10177
end
arch hills
x 24
y 2
elevation 8994
end
arch hills
x 24
y 3
elevation 6918
end
arch hills
x 24
y 4
elevation 6542
end
arch hills
x 24
y 5
elevation 6137
end
arch hills
x 24
y 6
elevation 6122
end
arch hills_rocky
x 24
y 7
elevation 6334
end
arch hills_rocky
x 24
y 8
elevation 6407
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 9
elevation 6552
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 10
elevation 7456
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 11
elevation 8747
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 12
elevation 9519
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 13
elevation 9794
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 14
elevation 9346
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 15
elevation 8810
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 16
elevation 8422
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 17
elevation 7804
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 18
elevation 7080
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 19
elevation 6061
end
arch hills
x 24
y 20
elevation 3855
end
arch woods_2
x 24
y 21
elevation 2936
end
arch hills
x 24
y 22
elevation 4367
end
arch hills
x 24
y 23
elevation 4990
end
arch hills
x 24
y 24
elevation 3094
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 25
elevation 6023
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 26
elevation 6342
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 27
elevation 5775
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 28
elevation 7474
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 29
elevation 7935
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 30
elevation 9439
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 31
elevation 10727
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 32
elevation 12054
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 33
elevation 13235
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 34
elevation 13660
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 35
elevation 13289
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 36
elevation 12433
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 37
elevation 12215
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 38
elevation 12466
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 39
elevation 11582
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 40
elevation 12608
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 41
elevation 11804
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 42
elevation 7050
end
arch mountain
x 24
y 43
elevation 8743
end
arch mountain2
x 24
y 44
elevation 11565
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 45
elevation 14818
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 46
elevation 16733
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 47
elevation 17222
end
arch mountain5
x 24
y 48
elevation 16399
end
arch mountain4
x 24
y 49
elevation 14389
end
arch hills
x 25
elevation 10762
end
arch hills
x 25
y 1
elevation 10893
end
arch hills
x 25
y 2
elevation 9707
end
arch hills
x 25
y 3
elevation 7811
end
arch hills
x 25
y 4
elevation 6754
end
arch hills
x 25
y 5
elevation 4753
end
arch hills_rocky
x 25
y 6
elevation 4919
end
arch hills_rocky
x 25
y 7
elevation 5828
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 8
elevation 5734
end
arch hills
x 25
y 9
elevation 4673
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 10
elevation 7443
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 11
elevation 7361
end
arch mountain2
x 25
y 12
elevation 9528
end
arch mountain2
x 25
y 13
elevation 9770
end
arch mountain2
x 25
y 14
elevation 9272
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 15
elevation 8228
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 16
elevation 7565
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 17
elevation 8132
end
arch mountain5
x 25
y 18
elevation 7445
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 19
elevation 6365
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 20
elevation 5198
end
arch hills
x 25
y 21
elevation 3261
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 22
elevation 5549
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 23
elevation 6218
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 24
elevation 6687
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 25
elevation 6898
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 26
elevation 6992
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 27
elevation 6847
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 28
elevation 7307
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 29
elevation 8050
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 30
elevation 8684
end
arch mountain
x 25
y 31
elevation 8634
end
arch mountain2
x 25
y 32
elevation 11812
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 33
elevation 13366
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 34
elevation 13592
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 35
elevation 13097
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 36
elevation 12250
end
arch mountain2
x 25
y 37
elevation 10800
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 38
elevation 13086
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 39
elevation 14494
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 40
elevation 14835
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 41
elevation 13917
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 42
elevation 12978
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 43
elevation 12724
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 44
elevation 13988
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 45
elevation 15185
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 46
elevation 15823
end
arch mountain5
x 25
y 47
elevation 16041
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 48
elevation 15334
end
arch mountain4
x 25
y 49
elevation 13449
end
arch hills
x 26
elevation 10181
end
arch hills
x 26
y 1
elevation 10656
end
arch hills
x 26
y 2
elevation 9702
end
arch hills
x 26
y 3
elevation 8146
end
arch hills
x 26
y 4
elevation 6756
end
arch hills
x 26
y 5
elevation 5899
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 6
elevation 5503
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 7
elevation 5464
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 8
elevation 5375
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 9
elevation 6520
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 10
elevation 7599
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 11
elevation 8845
end
arch mountain2
x 26
y 12
elevation 9282
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 13
elevation 8078
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 14
elevation 8890
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 15
elevation 8488
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 16
elevation 8545
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 17
elevation 8400
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 18
elevation 7740
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 19
elevation 5702
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 20
elevation 5659
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 21
elevation 6512
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 22
elevation 7093
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 23
elevation 7653
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 24
elevation 7596
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 25
elevation 7438
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 26
elevation 7068
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 27
elevation 7028
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 28
elevation 6487
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 29
elevation 7600
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 30
elevation 8155
end
arch mountain
x 26
y 31
elevation 7961
end
arch mountain2
x 26
y 32
elevation 11561
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 33
elevation 13034
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 34
elevation 13096
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 35
elevation 12243
end
arch mountain2
x 26
y 36
elevation 11257
end
arch mountain2
x 26
y 37
elevation 10952
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 38
elevation 13610
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 39
elevation 15347
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 40
elevation 15915
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 41
elevation 15897
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 42
elevation 15544
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 43
elevation 15424
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 44
elevation 15647
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 45
elevation 15160
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 46
elevation 14215
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 47
elevation 12646
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 48
elevation 13512
end
arch mountain4
x 26
y 49
elevation 13149
end
arch hills
x 27
elevation 9403
end
arch hills
x 27
y 1
elevation 9802
end
arch hills_rocky
x 27
y 2
elevation 8738
end
arch hills_rocky
x 27
y 3
elevation 7456
end
arch hills_rocky
x 27
y 4
elevation 6398
end
arch hills_rocky
x 27
y 5
elevation 5671
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 6
elevation 5338
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 7
elevation 5177
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 8
elevation 5643
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 9
elevation 6501
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 10
elevation 7818
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 11
elevation 8685
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 12
elevation 8800
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 13
elevation 8701
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 14
elevation 8365
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 15
elevation 8300
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 16
elevation 8479
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 17
elevation 8414
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 18
elevation 7822
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 19
elevation 7480
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 20
elevation 7454
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 21
elevation 7754
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 22
elevation 8101
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 23
elevation 8327
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 24
elevation 8280
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 25
elevation 6344
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 26
elevation 6183
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 27
elevation 6547
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 28
elevation 8016
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 29
elevation 8486
end
arch mountain
x 27
y 30
elevation 8722
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 31
elevation 9670
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 32
elevation 11123
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 33
elevation 12286
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 34
elevation 12147
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 35
elevation 11244
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 36
elevation 9023
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 37
elevation 11733
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 38
elevation 13328
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 39
elevation 14806
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 40
elevation 15620
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 41
elevation 15795
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 42
elevation 15839
end
arch mountain5
x 27
y 43
elevation 16031
end
arch mountain5
x 27
y 44
elevation 16088
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 45
elevation 14931
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 46
elevation 10039
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 47
elevation 10077
end
arch mountain2
x 27
y 48
elevation 11933
end
arch mountain4
x 27
y 49
elevation 12383
end
arch mountain
x 28
elevation 8866
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 1
elevation 8860
end
arch hills_rocky
x 28
y 2
elevation 6518
end
arch hills
x 28
y 3
elevation 6664
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 4
elevation 5162
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 5
elevation 5220
end
arch hills
x 28
y 6
elevation 3991
end
arch hills
x 28
y 7
elevation 4853
end
arch hills
x 28
y 8
elevation 4362
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 9
elevation 6190
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 10
elevation 7214
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 11
elevation 7813
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 12
elevation 7933
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 13
elevation 7796
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 14
elevation 7248
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 15
elevation 7159
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 16
elevation 7320
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 17
elevation 7678
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 18
elevation 7656
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 19
elevation 7802
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 20
elevation 8024
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 21
elevation 8066
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 22
elevation 7744
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 23
elevation 8309
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 24
elevation 8574
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 25
elevation 8722
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 26
elevation 8686
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 27
elevation 8884
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 28
elevation 9135
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 29
elevation 9220
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 30
elevation 8336
end
arch mountain
x 28
y 31
elevation 8613
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 32
elevation 10418
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 33
elevation 10847
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 34
elevation 10526
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 35
elevation 10211
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 36
elevation 10404
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 37
elevation 10945
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 38
elevation 12223
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 39
elevation 13503
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 40
elevation 14473
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 41
elevation 13644
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 42
elevation 13210
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 43
elevation 14809
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 44
elevation 15219
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 45
elevation 14438
end
arch mountain4
x 28
y 46
elevation 12669
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 47
elevation 11193
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 48
elevation 9425
end
arch mountain2
x 28
y 49
elevation 11703
end
arch hills
x 29
elevation 8579
end
arch hills
x 29
y 1
elevation 8020
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 2
elevation 6463
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 3
elevation 6294
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 4
elevation 5818
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 5
elevation 5015
end
arch hills_rocky
x 29
y 6
elevation 3659
end
arch steppe
x 29
y 7
elevation 4640
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 8
elevation 5093
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 9
elevation 5467
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 10
elevation 6022
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 11
elevation 6349
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 12
elevation 6333
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 13
elevation 5982
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 14
elevation 5753
end
arch woods_2
x 29
y 15
elevation 2980
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 16
elevation 5929
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 17
elevation 6326
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 18
elevation 6702
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 19
elevation 7018
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 20
elevation 7649
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 21
elevation 7643
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 22
elevation 6831
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 23
elevation 7718
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 24
elevation 8577
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 25
elevation 9577
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 26
elevation 9876
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 27
elevation 9920
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 28
elevation 9753
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 29
elevation 9205
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 30
elevation 9033
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 31
elevation 9079
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 32
elevation 8589
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 33
elevation 9267
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 34
elevation 8442
end
arch mountain
x 29
y 35
elevation 8604
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 36
elevation 9720
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 37
elevation 10007
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 38
elevation 9322
end
arch mountain4
x 29
y 39
elevation 12122
end
arch mountain4
x 29
y 40
elevation 13263
end
arch mountain4
x 29
y 41
elevation 13356
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 42
elevation 11874
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 43
elevation 11778
end
arch mountain4
x 29
y 44
elevation 13699
end
arch mountain4
x 29
y 45
elevation 13611
end
arch mountain4
x 29
y 46
elevation 12656
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 47
elevation 10347
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 48
elevation 10547
end
arch mountain2
x 29
y 49
elevation 10946
end
arch mountain
x 30
elevation 8122
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 1
elevation 6877
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 2
elevation 7025
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 3
elevation 6401
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 4
elevation 5535
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 5
elevation 5029
end
arch steppe
x 30
y 6
elevation 4734
end
arch hills
x 30
y 7
elevation 4589
end
arch hills
x 30
y 8
elevation 4804
end
arch hills
x 30
y 9
elevation 4466
end
arch hills
x 30
y 10
elevation 4628
end
arch hills
x 30
y 11
elevation 4112
end
arch hills
x 30
y 12
elevation 4402
end
arch hills
x 30
y 13
elevation 4496
end
arch hills
x 30
y 14
elevation 4344
end
arch hills
x 30
y 15
elevation 4386
end
arch hills
x 30
y 16
elevation 4857
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 17
elevation 5211
end
arch hills
x 30
y 18
elevation 4335
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 19
elevation 6048
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 20
elevation 6681
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 21
elevation 6901
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 22
elevation 6873
end
arch hills
x 30
y 23
elevation 4995
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 24
elevation 8451
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 25
elevation 9654
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 26
elevation 9842
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 27
elevation 9478
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 28
elevation 9349
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 29
elevation 8940
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 30
elevation 8178
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 31
elevation 9117
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 32
elevation 8647
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 33
elevation 8886
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 34
elevation 8829
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 35
elevation 8665
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 36
elevation 8595
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 37
elevation 8780
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 38
elevation 8720
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 39
elevation 11061
end
arch mountain4
x 30
y 40
elevation 12229
end
arch mountain4
x 30
y 41
elevation 12658
end
arch mountain4
x 30
y 42
elevation 12663
end
arch mountain4
x 30
y 43
elevation 12230
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 44
elevation 11431
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 45
elevation 11086
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 46
elevation 11413
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 47
elevation 11635
end
arch mountain2
x 30
y 48
elevation 9149
end
arch mountain
x 30
y 49
elevation 8742
end
arch mountain
x 31
elevation 7931
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 1
elevation 7154
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 2
elevation 7249
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 3
elevation 6895
end
arch steppe
x 31
y 4
elevation 4895
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 5
elevation 5383
end
arch hills
x 31
y 6
elevation 3669
end
arch hills
x 31
y 7
elevation 4317
end
arch hills
x 31
y 8
elevation 4176
end
arch hills
x 31
y 9
elevation 3887
end
arch hills
x 31
y 10
elevation 3367
end
arch woods_2
x 31
y 11
elevation 2487
end
arch woods_2
x 31
y 12
elevation 2120
end
arch woods_2
x 31
y 13
elevation 2878
end
arch hills
x 31
y 14
elevation 3407
end
arch hills
x 31
y 15
elevation 4051
end
arch hills
x 31
y 16
elevation 4537
end
arch hills
x 31
y 17
elevation 4740
end
arch hills
x 31
y 18
elevation 4325
end
arch hills
x 31
y 19
elevation 4952
end
arch hills
x 31
y 20
elevation 4843
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 21
elevation 6284
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 22
elevation 6931
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 23
elevation 6499
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 24
elevation 8688
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 25
elevation 9525
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 26
elevation 8469
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 27
elevation 8410
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 28
elevation 6970
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 29
elevation 8884
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 30
elevation 9359
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 31
elevation 9410
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 32
elevation 9503
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 33
elevation 8341
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 34
elevation 8678
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 35
elevation 8904
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 36
elevation 6812
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 37
elevation 9426
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 38
elevation 9709
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 39
elevation 10094
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 40
elevation 10542
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 41
elevation 11336
end
arch mountain4
x 31
y 42
elevation 12294
end
arch mountain4
x 31
y 43
elevation 12220
end
arch mountain
x 31
y 44
elevation 8360
end
arch hills
x 31
y 45
elevation 4857
end
arch mountain2
x 31
y 46
elevation 10401
end
arch mountain4
x 31
y 47
elevation 12642
end
arch mountain4
x 31
y 48
elevation 13141
end
arch mountain4
x 31
y 49
elevation 13278
end
arch mountain
x 32
elevation 8593
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 1
elevation 7491
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 2
elevation 7790
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 3
elevation 7544
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 4
elevation 7043
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 5
elevation 5977
end
arch hills
x 32
y 6
elevation 4235
end
arch hills
x 32
y 7
elevation 3983
end
arch hills
x 32
y 8
elevation 3002
end
arch woods_2
x 32
y 9
elevation 2799
end
arch hills
x 32
y 10
elevation 3080
end
arch woods_2
x 32
y 11
elevation 2710
end
arch woods_2
x 32
y 12
elevation 1473
end
arch brush
x 32
y 13
elevation 946
end
arch woods_2
x 32
y 14
elevation 1448
end
arch hills
x 32
y 15
elevation 3778
end
arch hills
x 32
y 16
elevation 4523
end
arch hills
x 32
y 17
elevation 4615
end
arch hills
x 32
y 18
elevation 4559
end
arch hills
x 32
y 19
elevation 4247
end
arch hills
x 32
y 20
elevation 3258
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 21
elevation 6087
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 22
elevation 7465
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 23
elevation 8680
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 24
elevation 9482
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 25
elevation 9331
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 26
elevation 8364
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 27
elevation 7380
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 28
elevation 7560
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 29
elevation 8586
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 30
elevation 9851
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 31
elevation 10391
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 32
elevation 9749
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 33
elevation 10435
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 34
elevation 10834
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 35
elevation 10758
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 36
elevation 10716
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 37
elevation 10373
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 38
elevation 9719
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 39
elevation 7647
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 40
elevation 8995
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 41
elevation 7718
end
arch mountain4
x 32
y 42
elevation 12579
end
arch mountain4
x 32
y 43
elevation 12970
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 44
elevation 11122
end
arch mountain
x 32
y 45
elevation 7273
end
arch mountain2
x 32
y 46
elevation 11966
end
arch mountain4
x 32
y 47
elevation 14485
end
arch mountain4
x 32
y 48
elevation 15752
end
arch mountain4
x 32
y 49
elevation 15837
end
arch mountain2
x 33
elevation 9868
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 1
elevation 8731
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 2
elevation 8532
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 3
elevation 7775
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 4
elevation 8089
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 5
elevation 6913
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 6
elevation 5196
end
arch steppe
x 33
y 7
elevation 3585
end
arch hills
x 33
y 8
elevation 3127
end
arch woods_2
x 33
y 9
elevation 2184
end
arch hills
x 33
y 10
elevation 3267
end
arch hills
x 33
y 11
elevation 3076
end
arch woods_2
x 33
y 12
elevation 1740
end
arch hills_rocky
x 33
y 13
elevation 1999
end
arch hills_rocky
x 33
y 14
elevation 2636
end
arch steppe
x 33
y 15
elevation 3621
end
arch hills
x 33
y 16
elevation 4336
end
arch hills
x 33
y 17
elevation 4417
end
arch hills
x 33
y 18
elevation 4111
end
arch hills
x 33
y 19
elevation 4017
end
arch hills
x 33
y 20
elevation 4830
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 21
elevation 6146
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 22
elevation 7702
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 23
elevation 8850
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 24
elevation 9609
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 25
elevation 9160
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 26
elevation 7311
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 27
elevation 5625
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 28
elevation 5768
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 29
elevation 7630
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 30
elevation 10047
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 31
elevation 11430
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 32
elevation 12002
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 33
elevation 12213
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 34
elevation 12287
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 35
elevation 12145
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 36
elevation 11943
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 37
elevation 11336
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 38
elevation 9555
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 39
elevation 7282
end
arch mountain
x 33
y 40
elevation 5893
end
arch mountain2
x 33
y 41
elevation 11313
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 42
elevation 13483
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 43
elevation 14365
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 44
elevation 13579
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 45
elevation 13166
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 46
elevation 13877
end
arch mountain4
x 33
y 47
elevation 15701
end
arch mountain5
x 33
y 48
elevation 16990
end
arch mountain5
x 33
y 49
elevation 16884
end
arch mountain2
x 34
elevation 11495
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 1
elevation 8947
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 2
elevation 9531
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 3
elevation 9273
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 4
elevation 8786
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 5
elevation 7823
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 6
elevation 5504
end
arch hills
x 34
y 7
elevation 4301
end
arch hills
x 34
y 8
elevation 4912
end
arch hills
x 34
y 9
elevation 3166
end
arch steppe
x 34
y 10
elevation 4060
end
arch hills
x 34
y 11
elevation 3581
end
arch evergreens
x 34
y 12
elevation 2828
end
arch woods_2
x 34
y 13
elevation 1987
end
arch woods_2
x 34
y 14
elevation 2949
end
arch hills
x 34
y 15
elevation 3483
end
arch hills
x 34
y 16
elevation 3969
end
arch hills
x 34
y 17
elevation 4212
end
arch hills
x 34
y 18
elevation 3484
end
arch woods_2
x 34
y 19
elevation 2490
end
arch steppe
x 34
y 20
elevation 4854
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 21
elevation 7005
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 22
elevation 6467
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 23
elevation 8157
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 24
elevation 8783
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 25
elevation 8209
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 26
elevation 7028
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 27
elevation 6061
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 28
elevation 5173
end
arch mountain
x 34
y 29
elevation 6952
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 30
elevation 9752
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 31
elevation 11805
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 32
elevation 12769
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 33
elevation 12943
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 34
elevation 12422
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 35
elevation 12219
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 36
elevation 11809
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 37
elevation 11924
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 38
elevation 11532
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 39
elevation 11019
end
arch mountain2
x 34
y 40
elevation 11088
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 41
elevation 12288
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 42
elevation 13863
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 43
elevation 14787
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 44
elevation 14580
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 45
elevation 14256
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 46
elevation 14311
end
arch mountain4
x 34
y 47
elevation 15271
end
arch mountain5
x 34
y 48
elevation 16307
end
arch mountain5
x 34
y 49
elevation 16574
end
arch mountain4
x 35
elevation 12796
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 1
elevation 11662
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 2
elevation 10226
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 3
elevation 9475
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 4
elevation 8957
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 5
elevation 8479
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 6
elevation 7743
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 7
elevation 7280
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 8
elevation 6976
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 9
elevation 6517
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 10
elevation 5336
end
arch hills
x 35
y 11
elevation 3371
end
arch hills
x 35
y 12
elevation 3150
end
arch woods_2
x 35
y 13
elevation 2712
end
arch hills
x 35
y 14
elevation 3008
end
arch hills
x 35
y 15
elevation 3355
end
arch evergreens
x 35
y 16
elevation 2703
end
arch steppe
x 35
y 17
elevation 4416
end
arch hills
x 35
y 18
elevation 4907
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 19
elevation 5706
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 20
elevation 6849
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 21
elevation 7748
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 22
elevation 8186
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 23
elevation 8275
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 24
elevation 7869
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 25
elevation 5217
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 26
elevation 6477
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 27
elevation 6108
end
arch hills
x 35
y 28
elevation 4501
end
arch mountain
x 35
y 29
elevation 6311
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 30
elevation 9641
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 31
elevation 10862
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 32
elevation 12714
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 33
elevation 12561
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 34
elevation 11105
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 35
elevation 11448
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 36
elevation 11490
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 37
elevation 11950
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 38
elevation 12831
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 39
elevation 13329
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 40
elevation 12891
end
arch mountain2
x 35
y 41
elevation 10343
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 42
elevation 13380
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 43
elevation 13931
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 44
elevation 13637
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 45
elevation 13222
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 46
elevation 12944
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 47
elevation 13023
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 48
elevation 13728
end
arch mountain4
x 35
y 49
elevation 15262
end
arch mountain4
x 36
elevation 14070
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 1
elevation 12947
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 2
elevation 10558
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 3
elevation 7779
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 4
elevation 8754
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 5
elevation 8786
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 6
elevation 8337
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 7
elevation 8201
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 8
elevation 8422
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 9
elevation 8149
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 10
elevation 6513
end
arch hills
x 36
y 11
elevation 4447
end
arch hills_rocky
x 36
y 12
elevation 2861
end
arch woods_2
x 36
y 13
elevation 2479
end
arch hills
x 36
y 14
elevation 3091
end
arch steppe
x 36
y 15
elevation 3380
end
arch hills
x 36
y 16
elevation 3953
end
arch hills
x 36
y 17
elevation 4750
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 18
elevation 5855
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 19
elevation 6904
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 20
elevation 7787
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 21
elevation 8064
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 22
elevation 8070
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 23
elevation 7948
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 24
elevation 7653
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 25
elevation 7108
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 26
elevation 6227
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 27
elevation 6903
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 28
elevation 7008
end
arch mountain
x 36
y 29
elevation 7931
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 30
elevation 9581
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 31
elevation 11460
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 32
elevation 12160
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 33
elevation 11010
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 34
elevation 10720
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 35
elevation 11083
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 36
elevation 9040
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 37
elevation 10529
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 38
elevation 13364
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 39
elevation 13846
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 40
elevation 13114
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 41
elevation 12037
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 42
elevation 12605
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 43
elevation 12660
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 44
elevation 11485
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 45
elevation 10119
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 46
elevation 11376
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 47
elevation 9977
end
arch mountain2
x 36
y 48
elevation 11605
end
arch mountain4
x 36
y 49
elevation 13535
end
arch mountain4
x 37
elevation 15095
end
arch mountain4
x 37
y 1
elevation 13879
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 2
elevation 11125
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 3
elevation 7659
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 4
elevation 9253
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 5
elevation 9010
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 6
elevation 6863
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 7
elevation 7086
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 8
elevation 8506
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 9
elevation 8481
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 10
elevation 6925
end
arch hills
x 37
y 11
elevation 4088
end
arch hills
x 37
y 12
elevation 3512
end
arch hills
x 37
y 13
elevation 3115
end
arch steppe
x 37
y 14
elevation 3026
end
arch steppe
x 37
y 15
elevation 3112
end
arch steppe
x 37
y 16
elevation 3616
end
arch hills
x 37
y 17
elevation 4553
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 18
elevation 5777
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 19
elevation 6846
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 20
elevation 7410
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 21
elevation 7266
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 22
elevation 6858
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 23
elevation 6851
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 24
elevation 7380
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 25
elevation 7702
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 26
elevation 7754
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 27
elevation 7779
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 28
elevation 7744
end
arch mountain
x 37
y 29
elevation 7311
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 30
elevation 9432
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 31
elevation 11068
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 32
elevation 11290
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 33
elevation 10602
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 34
elevation 10346
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 35
elevation 11036
end
arch mountain4
x 37
y 36
elevation 12020
end
arch mountain4
x 37
y 37
elevation 12561
end
arch mountain4
x 37
y 38
elevation 13212
end
arch mountain4
x 37
y 39
elevation 13295
end
arch mountain4
x 37
y 40
elevation 12420
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 41
elevation 11967
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 42
elevation 11676
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 43
elevation 11069
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 44
elevation 10350
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 45
elevation 9532
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 46
elevation 10357
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 47
elevation 10937
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 48
elevation 11445
end
arch mountain2
x 37
y 49
elevation 10244
end
arch mountain4
x 38
elevation 15532
end
arch mountain4
x 38
y 1
elevation 14227
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 2
elevation 11823
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 3
elevation 10292
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 4
elevation 9911
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 5
elevation 9697
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 6
elevation 8280
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 7
elevation 6933
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 8
elevation 8024
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 9
elevation 7810
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 10
elevation 6491
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 11
elevation 5179
end
arch hills
x 38
y 12
elevation 4208
end
arch steppe
x 38
y 13
elevation 3710
end
arch steppe
x 38
y 14
elevation 3015
end
arch woods_2
x 38
y 15
elevation 1568
end
arch hills_rocky
x 38
y 16
elevation 2164
end
arch hills
x 38
y 17
elevation 3795
end
arch steppe
x 38
y 18
elevation 4816
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 19
elevation 5756
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 20
elevation 6346
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 21
elevation 6075
end
arch steppe
x 38
y 22
elevation 4421
end
arch hills
x 38
y 23
elevation 3990
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 24
elevation 6629
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 25
elevation 7680
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 26
elevation 7767
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 27
elevation 8261
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 28
elevation 8162
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 29
elevation 6261
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 30
elevation 8535
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 31
elevation 10369
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 32
elevation 10392
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 33
elevation 8356
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 34
elevation 8361
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 35
elevation 11874
end
arch mountain4
x 38
y 36
elevation 13157
end
arch mountain4
x 38
y 37
elevation 13270
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 38
elevation 11937
end
arch mountain4
x 38
y 39
elevation 12293
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 40
elevation 11629
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 41
elevation 10914
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 42
elevation 10257
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 43
elevation 8060
end
arch mountain
x 38
y 44
elevation 8196
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 45
elevation 9650
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 46
elevation 9732
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 47
elevation 9566
end
arch mountain2
x 38
y 48
elevation 10928
end
arch mountain4
x 38
y 49
elevation 12306
end
arch mountain4
x 39
elevation 15313
end
arch mountain4
x 39
y 1
elevation 14215
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 2
elevation 11183
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 3
elevation 8655
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 4
elevation 10772
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 5
elevation 10330
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 6
elevation 9066
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 7
elevation 7975
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 8
elevation 7379
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 9
elevation 6823
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 10
elevation 5901
end
arch steppe
x 39
y 11
elevation 4890
end
arch steppe
x 39
y 12
elevation 4191
end
arch hills
x 39
y 13
elevation 3813
end
arch steppe
x 39
y 14
elevation 3347
end
arch woods_2
x 39
y 15
elevation 2897
end
arch hills_rocky
x 39
y 16
elevation 2886
end
arch hills
x 39
y 17
elevation 3090
end
arch hills_rocky
x 39
y 18
elevation 2215
end
arch steppe
x 39
y 19
elevation 4636
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 20
elevation 5400
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 21
elevation 5013
end
arch hills
x 39
y 22
elevation 3904
end
arch steppe
x 39
y 23
elevation 4235
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 24
elevation 5389
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 25
elevation 6938
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 26
elevation 7799
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 27
elevation 8086
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 28
elevation 8347
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 29
elevation 8573
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 30
elevation 8901
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 31
elevation 9389
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 32
elevation 9033
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 33
elevation 9654
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 34
elevation 10829
end
arch mountain4
x 39
y 35
elevation 12283
end
arch mountain4
x 39
y 36
elevation 13063
end
arch mountain4
x 39
y 37
elevation 12579
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 38
elevation 11692
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 39
elevation 10605
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 40
elevation 9803
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 41
elevation 9034
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 42
elevation 7896
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 43
elevation 8598
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 44
elevation 8586
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 45
elevation 8884
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 46
elevation 8574
end
arch mountain
x 39
y 47
elevation 7105
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 48
elevation 10064
end
arch mountain2
x 39
y 49
elevation 11832
end
arch mountain4
x 40
elevation 14756
end
arch mountain4
x 40
y 1
elevation 13935
end
arch mountain4
x 40
y 2
elevation 12545
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 3
elevation 11633
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 4
elevation 10723
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 5
elevation 9846
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 6
elevation 8229
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 7
elevation 7229
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 8
elevation 6444
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 9
elevation 5691
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 10
elevation 4534
end
arch hills
x 40
y 11
elevation 3824
end
arch hills
x 40
y 12
elevation 3516
end
arch hills
x 40
y 13
elevation 3272
end
arch hills
x 40
y 14
elevation 3138
end
arch hills
x 40
y 15
elevation 3072
end
arch woods_2
x 40
y 16
elevation 2377
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 17
elevation 3185
end
arch evergreens
x 40
y 18
elevation 2692
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 19
elevation 4127
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 20
elevation 4772
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 21
elevation 4741
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 22
elevation 4272
end
arch evergreens
x 40
y 23
elevation 1912
end
arch steppe
x 40
y 24
elevation 3839
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 25
elevation 5904
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 26
elevation 6922
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 27
elevation 7567
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 28
elevation 8062
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 29
elevation 8598
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 30
elevation 8539
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 31
elevation 7885
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 32
elevation 8048
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 33
elevation 9692
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 34
elevation 10994
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 35
elevation 11951
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 36
elevation 11994
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 37
elevation 10933
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 38
elevation 9557
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 39
elevation 8322
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 40
elevation 5495
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 41
elevation 6901
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 42
elevation 7847
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 43
elevation 7943
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 44
elevation 7970
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 45
elevation 7894
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 46
elevation 7190
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 47
elevation 5573
end
arch mountain
x 40
y 48
elevation 8722
end
arch mountain2
x 40
y 49
elevation 10610
end
arch mountain4
x 41
elevation 13645
end
arch mountain4
x 41
y 1
elevation 13593
end
arch mountain4
x 41
y 2
elevation 13181
end
arch mountain4
x 41
y 3
elevation 12322
end
arch mountain2
x 41
y 4
elevation 10870
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 5
elevation 7070
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 6
elevation 7323
end
arch hills
x 41
y 7
elevation 3679
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 8
elevation 6035
end
arch hills
x 41
y 9
elevation 4999
end
arch evergreens
x 41
y 10
elevation 1653
end
arch woods_2
x 41
y 11
elevation 2544
end
arch woods_2
x 41
y 12
elevation 2330
end
arch hills_rocky
x 41
y 13
elevation 2029
end
arch woods_2
x 41
y 14
elevation 2128
end
arch woods_2
x 41
y 15
elevation 2362
end
arch hills
x 41
y 16
elevation 3496
end
arch hills
x 41
y 17
elevation 3944
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 18
elevation 4030
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 19
elevation 4305
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 20
elevation 4007
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 21
elevation 4508
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 22
elevation 4283
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 23
elevation 4210
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 24
elevation 4458
end
arch steppe
x 41
y 25
elevation 3814
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 26
elevation 5851
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 27
elevation 6338
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 28
elevation 6561
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 29
elevation 8115
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 30
elevation 8184
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 31
elevation 5110
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 32
elevation 8474
end
arch mountain2
x 41
y 33
elevation 9439
end
arch mountain2
x 41
y 34
elevation 9346
end
arch mountain2
x 41
y 35
elevation 10897
end
arch mountain2
x 41
y 36
elevation 10664
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 37
elevation 8985
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 38
elevation 6191
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 39
elevation 5198
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 40
elevation 5046
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 41
elevation 7086
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 42
elevation 7473
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 43
elevation 5661
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 44
elevation 7172
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 45
elevation 7347
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 46
elevation 6566
end
arch hills
x 41
y 47
elevation 3694
end
arch mountain
x 41
y 48
elevation 7962
end
arch mountain2
x 41
y 49
elevation 9886
end
arch mountain4
x 42
elevation 12304
end
arch mountain4
x 42
y 1
elevation 13217
end
arch mountain4
x 42
y 2
elevation 13128
end
arch mountain4
x 42
y 3
elevation 12787
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 4
elevation 11105
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 5
elevation 9881
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 6
elevation 8010
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 7
elevation 6648
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 8
elevation 6241
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 9
elevation 5614
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 10
elevation 4566
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 11
elevation 3484
end
arch hills_rocky
x 42
y 12
elevation 2896
end
arch hills_rocky
x 42
y 13
elevation 2363
end
arch evergreens
x 42
y 14
elevation 1703
end
arch evergreens
x 42
y 15
elevation 2373
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 16
elevation 4058
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 17
elevation 5002
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 18
elevation 5109
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 19
elevation 4536
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 20
elevation 4099
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 21
elevation 3890
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 22
elevation 4048
end
arch steppe
x 42
y 23
elevation 4624
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 24
elevation 5210
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 25
elevation 5279
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 26
elevation 6165
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 27
elevation 6583
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 28
elevation 6225
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 29
elevation 7841
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 30
elevation 8187
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 31
elevation 8190
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 32
elevation 8562
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 33
elevation 9195
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 34
elevation 9299
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 35
elevation 9961
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 36
elevation 9632
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 37
elevation 8308
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 38
elevation 6908
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 39
elevation 5183
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 40
elevation 6238
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 41
elevation 7881
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 42
elevation 7891
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 43
elevation 5976
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 44
elevation 6056
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 45
elevation 7641
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 46
elevation 7158
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 47
elevation 5066
end
arch mountain
x 42
y 48
elevation 7643
end
arch mountain2
x 42
y 49
elevation 10678
end
arch mountain2
x 43
elevation 11244
end
arch mountain4
x 43
y 1
elevation 12722
end
arch mountain4
x 43
y 2
elevation 13321
end
arch mountain4
x 43
y 3
elevation 13558
end
arch mountain4
x 43
y 4
elevation 12728
end
arch mountain2
x 43
y 5
elevation 10943
end
arch mountain2
x 43
y 6
elevation 9845
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 7
elevation 7519
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 8
elevation 7129
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 9
elevation 6441
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 10
elevation 5680
end
arch steppe
x 43
y 11
elevation 4508
end
arch evergreens
x 43
y 12
elevation 2540
end
arch evergreens
x 43
y 13
elevation 2633
end
arch evergreens
x 43
y 14
elevation 1983
end
arch steppe
x 43
y 15
elevation 3052
end
arch steppe
x 43
y 16
elevation 4528
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 17
elevation 6137
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 18
elevation 6301
end
arch steppe
x 43
y 19
elevation 4702
end
arch steppe
x 43
y 20
elevation 3515
end
arch hills_rocky
x 43
y 21
elevation 2199
end
arch hills_rocky
x 43
y 22
elevation 2916
end
arch steppe
x 43
y 23
elevation 4388
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 24
elevation 6485
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 25
elevation 7299
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 26
elevation 7281
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 27
elevation 6169
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 28
elevation 7638
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 29
elevation 8146
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 30
elevation 8099
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 31
elevation 8849
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 32
elevation 7109
end
arch mountain2
x 43
y 33
elevation 9363
end
arch mountain2
x 43
y 34
elevation 9816
end
arch mountain2
x 43
y 35
elevation 9615
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 36
elevation 8828
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 37
elevation 7625
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 38
elevation 6139
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 39
elevation 6853
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 40
elevation 7752
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 41
elevation 8674
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 42
elevation 8674
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 43
elevation 8284
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 44
elevation 8273
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 45
elevation 8570
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 46
elevation 8562
end
arch mountain
x 43
y 47
elevation 8853
end
arch mountain2
x 43
y 48
elevation 10553
end
arch mountain4
x 43
y 49
elevation 12332
end
arch mountain
x 44
elevation 8939
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 1
elevation 12850
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 2
elevation 13973
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 3
elevation 14169
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 4
elevation 13752
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 5
elevation 12586
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 6
elevation 10888
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 7
elevation 9258
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 8
elevation 7530
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 9
elevation 6545
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 10
elevation 6574
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 11
elevation 5660
end
arch steppe
x 44
y 12
elevation 3016
end
arch steppe
x 44
y 13
elevation 3654
end
arch evergreens
x 44
y 14
elevation 1919
end
arch steppe
x 44
y 15
elevation 3141
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 16
elevation 5641
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 17
elevation 7245
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 18
elevation 7731
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 19
elevation 6880
end
arch steppe
x 44
y 20
elevation 4250
end
arch steppe
x 44
y 21
elevation 4999
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 22
elevation 5512
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 23
elevation 6803
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 24
elevation 7986
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 25
elevation 8624
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 26
elevation 8439
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 27
elevation 8159
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 28
elevation 8206
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 29
elevation 8544
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 30
elevation 8901
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 31
elevation 8920
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 32
elevation 9119
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 33
elevation 9389
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 34
elevation 9836
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 35
elevation 9540
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 36
elevation 8292
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 37
elevation 5601
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 38
elevation 6095
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 39
elevation 6492
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 40
elevation 7669
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 41
elevation 8522
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 42
elevation 8697
end
arch mountain
x 44
y 43
elevation 8755
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 44
elevation 9137
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 45
elevation 9623
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 46
elevation 9969
end
arch mountain2
x 44
y 47
elevation 9949
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 48
elevation 12362
end
arch mountain4
x 44
y 49
elevation 13705
end
arch mountain4
x 45
elevation 12115
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 1
elevation 13195
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 2
elevation 13990
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 3
elevation 13937
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 4
elevation 13322
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 5
elevation 12298
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 6
elevation 11057
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 7
elevation 9855
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 8
elevation 8753
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 9
elevation 7848
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 10
elevation 6963
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 11
elevation 7257
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 12
elevation 6609
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 13
elevation 5517
end
arch steppe
x 45
y 14
elevation 3840
end
arch steppe
x 45
y 15
elevation 4385
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 16
elevation 6422
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 17
elevation 8044
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 18
elevation 8908
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 19
elevation 8737
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 20
elevation 8340
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 21
elevation 8134
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 22
elevation 8127
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 23
elevation 8387
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 24
elevation 8824
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 25
elevation 9124
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 26
elevation 8952
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 27
elevation 8503
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 28
elevation 8043
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 29
elevation 8661
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 30
elevation 8749
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 31
elevation 8500
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 32
elevation 8348
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 33
elevation 8777
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 34
elevation 9139
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 35
elevation 9025
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 36
elevation 8118
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 37
elevation 6818
end
arch hills
x 45
y 38
elevation 4057
end
arch hills
x 45
y 39
elevation 4143
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 40
elevation 6665
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 41
elevation 7516
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 42
elevation 7273
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 43
elevation 7896
end
arch mountain
x 45
y 44
elevation 8795
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 45
elevation 9794
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 46
elevation 10621
end
arch mountain2
x 45
y 47
elevation 11448
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 48
elevation 12795
end
arch mountain4
x 45
y 49
elevation 13777
end
arch mountain4
x 46
elevation 12683
end
arch mountain4
x 46
y 1
elevation 13310
end
arch mountain4
x 46
y 2
elevation 13538
end
arch mountain4
x 46
y 3
elevation 13263
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 4
elevation 11025
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 5
elevation 10010
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 6
elevation 10389
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 7
elevation 9766
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 8
elevation 9100
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 9
elevation 8892
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 10
elevation 9038
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 11
elevation 8957
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 12
elevation 8568
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 13
elevation 7560
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 14
elevation 6703
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 15
elevation 6106
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 16
elevation 6410
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 17
elevation 7844
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 18
elevation 9364
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 19
elevation 9884
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 20
elevation 10505
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 21
elevation 10524
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 22
elevation 9892
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 23
elevation 7746
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 24
elevation 8792
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 25
elevation 8841
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 26
elevation 8199
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 27
elevation 8847
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 28
elevation 7167
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 29
elevation 8851
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 30
elevation 8535
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 31
elevation 5884
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 32
elevation 6498
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 33
elevation 7052
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 34
elevation 7210
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 35
elevation 7595
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 36
elevation 7815
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 37
elevation 7151
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 38
elevation 5596
end
arch hills
x 46
y 39
elevation 3295
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 40
elevation 5765
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 41
elevation 6852
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 42
elevation 6174
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 43
elevation 6493
end
arch mountain
x 46
y 44
elevation 6114
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 45
elevation 9543
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 46
elevation 10491
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 47
elevation 11066
end
arch mountain2
x 46
y 48
elevation 11782
end
arch mountain4
x 46
y 49
elevation 12667
end
arch mountain4
x 47
elevation 12446
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 1
elevation 11436
end
arch mountain4
x 47
y 2
elevation 13078
end
arch mountain4
x 47
y 3
elevation 12756
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 4
elevation 11385
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 5
elevation 8894
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 6
elevation 9628
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 7
elevation 9347
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 8
elevation 7942
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 9
elevation 9252
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 10
elevation 10011
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 11
elevation 10120
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 12
elevation 9381
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 13
elevation 8490
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 14
elevation 7890
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 15
elevation 7275
end
arch steppe
x 47
y 16
elevation 4020
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 17
elevation 6547
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 18
elevation 9523
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 19
elevation 10869
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 20
elevation 11564
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 21
elevation 11712
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 22
elevation 10919
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 23
elevation 9489
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 24
elevation 7534
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 25
elevation 8170
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 26
elevation 8846
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 27
elevation 9213
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 28
elevation 9192
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 29
elevation 8817
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 30
elevation 8002
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 31
elevation 7154
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 32
elevation 6178
end
arch steppe
x 47
y 33
elevation 4666
end
arch hills
x 47
y 34
elevation 3444
end
arch steppe
x 47
y 35
elevation 4995
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 36
elevation 7367
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 37
elevation 7472
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 38
elevation 6282
end
arch hills
x 47
y 39
elevation 3310
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 40
elevation 5697
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 41
elevation 6613
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 42
elevation 7166
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 43
elevation 7575
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 44
elevation 7317
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 45
elevation 9374
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 46
elevation 9804
end
arch mountain
x 47
y 47
elevation 8525
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 48
elevation 10570
end
arch mountain2
x 47
y 49
elevation 9592
end
arch mountain2
x 48
elevation 11972
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 1
elevation 11991
end
arch mountain4
x 48
y 2
elevation 12910
end
arch mountain4
x 48
y 3
elevation 12766
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 4
elevation 11329
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 5
elevation 9448
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 6
elevation 8992
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 7
elevation 9459
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 8
elevation 7916
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 9
elevation 8573
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 10
elevation 10621
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 11
elevation 10745
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 12
elevation 8722
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 13
elevation 7636
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 14
elevation 8234
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 15
elevation 7743
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 16
elevation 7734
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 17
elevation 8387
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 18
elevation 9283
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 19
elevation 11310
end
arch mountain4
x 48
y 20
elevation 12221
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 21
elevation 11637
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 22
elevation 11799
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 23
elevation 10616
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 24
elevation 8848
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 25
elevation 7930
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 26
elevation 8309
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 27
elevation 9384
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 28
elevation 9685
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 29
elevation 7196
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 30
elevation 8153
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 31
elevation 5847
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 32
elevation 6377
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 33
elevation 5727
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 34
elevation 5711
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 35
elevation 6047
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 36
elevation 6774
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 37
elevation 7034
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 38
elevation 6464
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 39
elevation 5830
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 40
elevation 5610
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 41
elevation 6255
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 42
elevation 7341
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 43
elevation 8408
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 44
elevation 9252
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 45
elevation 9441
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 46
elevation 9535
end
arch mountain
x 48
y 47
elevation 7193
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 48
elevation 10359
end
arch mountain2
x 48
y 49
elevation 11809
end
arch mountain4
x 49
elevation 12983
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 1
elevation 12805
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 2
elevation 12934
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 3
elevation 12903
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 4
elevation 12065
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 5
elevation 9900
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 6
elevation 11059
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 7
elevation 10714
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 8
elevation 9152
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 9
elevation 10244
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 10
elevation 10948
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 11
elevation 11084
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 12
elevation 10390
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 13
elevation 9244
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 14
elevation 7739
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 15
elevation 7565
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 16
elevation 8158
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 17
elevation 9365
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 18
elevation 10466
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 19
elevation 11668
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 20
elevation 12520
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 21
elevation 12785
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 22
elevation 12435
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 23
elevation 11472
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 24
elevation 9589
end
arch steppe
x 49
y 25
elevation 4759
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 26
elevation 7119
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 27
elevation 9402
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 28
elevation 10189
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 29
elevation 10212
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 30
elevation 9417
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 31
elevation 8629
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 32
elevation 7182
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 33
elevation 6518
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 34
elevation 6935
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 35
elevation 6603
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 36
elevation 5909
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 37
elevation 5530
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 38
elevation 6403
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 39
elevation 6343
end
arch hills
x 49
y 40
elevation 3956
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 41
elevation 5168
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 42
elevation 7133
end
arch mountain
x 49
y 43
elevation 8547
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 44
elevation 9760
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 45
elevation 9934
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 46
elevation 9655
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 47
elevation 10010
end
arch mountain2
x 49
y 48
elevation 11213
end
arch mountain4
x 49
y 49
elevation 12561
end
