arch map
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 16
height 25
msg
Creator: MikeeUSA
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sun Mar 11 13:35:58 2007
endmsg
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 3
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 4
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 5
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 6
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 7
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 8
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 9
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 10
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 11
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 12
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 13
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 14
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 15
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 16
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 17
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 18
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
y 19
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 22
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 23
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
y 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
y 3
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 5
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 6
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 7
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 8
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 9
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 1
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 1
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_1_2
x 1
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mdoor_open_1
x 1
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_1_1
x 1
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 1
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 1
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 1
y 18
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 19
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 20
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 21
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 1
y 22
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
y 23
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 2
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 2
y 2
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 2
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 2
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 2
y 5
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 2
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 2
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 2
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 2
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 2
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 2
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 2
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 2
y 21
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 2
y 22
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 2
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 3
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 3
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 3
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 3
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 3
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 3
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 3
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 3
y 21
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 3
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 3
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 4
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 4
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 4
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 4
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 4
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 4
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 4
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 4
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 5
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 5
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 5
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 5
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_lever
x 5
y 13
connected 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 5
y 14
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 5
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 5
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 6
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 6
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 6
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 6
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 6
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 12
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 6
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 13
end
arch wall_1_2
x 6
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 14
end
arch igate_closed_2
x 6
y 14
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 15
end
arch wall_1_4
x 6
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 6
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 6
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 7
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 7
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 7
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 7
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 7
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 13
unique 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 7
y 14
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 14
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 7
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 8
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 8
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 8
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 8
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 14
end
arch ladder_down
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 8
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 8
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 9
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 9
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 9
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 9
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 9
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 9
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 9
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 10
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 10
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 10
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 10
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 10
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 10
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_1_3
x 10
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 10
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 11
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 11
y 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 11
y 2
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 11
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 11
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win2
x 11
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 12
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 11
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 13
end
arch wall_1_2
x 11
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 14
end
arch igate_closed_2
x 11
y 14
speed 0.500000
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 15
end
arch wall_1_3
x 11
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mdoor_open_1
x 11
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 11
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 12
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 12
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 12
y 2
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 12
y 3
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 12
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 12
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 12
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 12
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_lever
x 12
y 13
connected 2
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 12
y 14
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_1_4
x 12
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 12
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 13
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 13
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 13
y 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 13
y 3
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 13
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 13
y 5
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 13
y 6
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 13
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 13
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 13
y 21
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 13
y 22
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 13
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 14
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 14
y 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 14
y 3
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 14
y 4
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 14
y 5
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 14
y 6
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 14
y 7
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 14
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 14
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 14
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 14
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 14
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 14
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch window_win1
x 14
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 14
y 21
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 14
y 22
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 14
y 23
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 3
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 4
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 5
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 6
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 7
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 8
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 9
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 10
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 11
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 12
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 13
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 14
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 15
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 16
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 17
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 18
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 19
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 20
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 21
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch woods_2
name foilage
name_pl foilage
x 15
y 22
move_slow_penalty 3
blocksview 1
unique 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 23
end
