arch map
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 16
height 16
msg
Creator: MikeeUSA
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sun Mar 11 13:35:58 2007
endmsg
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave18
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 6
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 7
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 9
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 10
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 11
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave3
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave17
y 13
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
y 15
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave18
x 1
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave13
x 1
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave16
x 1
y 13
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave17
x 1
y 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 1
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave18
x 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave13
x 2
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 2
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave16
x 2
y 14
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave17
x 2
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave2
x 3
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave2
x 4
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_lever
x 5
y 13
connected 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 5
y 14
connected 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave2
x 5
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 6
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 6
y 12
end
arch cave21
x 6
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
x 6
y 13
end
arch cave21
x 6
y 13
end
arch dirtfloor
x 6
y 14
end
arch igate_closed_2
x 6
y 14
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 6
y 15
end
arch cave2
x 6
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 7
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 7
y 12
end
arch cave21
x 7
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
x 7
y 13
unique 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 7
y 14
connected 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 7
y 14
unique 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 7
y 15
end
arch cave12
x 7
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 8
y 12
end
arch cave21
x 8
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 8
y 14
unique 1
end
arch invis_exit
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 8
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
x 8
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 9
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 9
y 12
end
arch cave21
x 9
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 9
y 15
end
arch cave11
x 9
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 10
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 10
y 12
end
arch cave21
x 10
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 10
y 15
end
arch cave2
x 10
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 11
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
x 11
y 12
end
arch cave21
x 11
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
x 11
y 13
end
arch cave21
x 11
y 13
end
arch dirtfloor
x 11
y 14
end
arch igate_closed_2
x 11
y 14
speed 0.500000
connected 2
end
arch dirtfloor
x 11
y 15
end
arch cave2
x 11
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave4
x 12
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_lever
x 12
y 13
connected 2
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 12
y 14
connected 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave2
x 12
y 15
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave19
x 13
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave14
x 13
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave2
x 13
y 15
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 14
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave19
x 14
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave14
x 14
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave15
x 14
y 14
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave20
x 14
y 15
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave19
x 15
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 6
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 7
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 9
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 10
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 11
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave1
x 15
y 13
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 15
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch cave20
x 15
y 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 15
y 15
end
