arch map
name <Player Shop>
reset_timeout 1
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 16
height 16
msg
Creator: Titus
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: 2020-10-28 
endmsg
end
arch dungeon_magic
end
arch woodfloor
end
arch wall_2_2_2
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
y 15
end
arch wall_2_2_1
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 1
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 7
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 8
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 10
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
msg

endmsg
x 1
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 13
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 1
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 1
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 7
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 9
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 10
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 13
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 14
end
arch woodfloor2
name unique 1 woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 2
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 4
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 3
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 3
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 13
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 3
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_1_3
x 4
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 4
y 14
connected 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 5
y 12
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
msg
Shop Owner Only
endmsg
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mdoor_closed_1
x 5
y 13
connected 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
msg
Shop Owner Only!
endmsg
x 5
y 13
move_block all
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 5
y 14
connected 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 6
y 12
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 13
end
arch wall_1_4
x 6
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 6
y 14
connected 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name floor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 12
unique 1
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 7
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 13
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 7
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 7
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 15
end
arch wall_3_1
x 7
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 3
end
arch light2
x 8
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 4
end
arch light2
x 8
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 8
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 8
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 8
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 8
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 8
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 12
end
arch light2
x 8
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name floor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 12
unique 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 15
end
arch wall_1_3
x 8
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bag
name Pricing
other_arch close_dbox
face depositbox.111
x 9
y 1
material 0
container 15000000
no_pick 1
face_opened close_dbox.111
arch event_say
title Python
slaying python/misc/price_chest.py
end
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch sign
msg
Pricing an item:
1. Open the Pricing box.
2. Drop the item inside.
3. Say the desired price of the item in gold coins.
4. Leave the item on the shop floor.

Unpricing an item:
1. Open the Pricing box.
2. Drop the item inside.
3. Say anything.

Notes:
- When the item is sold, the shopkeep will deposit the named price directly into your bank account.
- The shopkeep will usually charge more than your asking price, dependent on the buyer's own ability to negotiate (charisma and bargaining, as with a normal shop).
- Because of the above, please don't buy your own items.  You will generally lose money from the sale.  Unprice them first.
- You can only unprice items you personally put up for sale.
endmsg
x 9
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name floor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch shop_mat
x 9
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
name floor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 12
unique 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch shop_mat
x 9
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 15
end
arch invis_exit
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 9
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 15
end
arch door_2
x 9
y 15
move_block 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 3
end
arch light2
x 10
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 4
end
arch light2
x 10
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 10
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 10
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 10
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 10
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
end
arch light2
x 10
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 12
end
arch light2
x 10
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name floor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 12
unique 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch menu
x 10
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 15
end
arch wall_1_4
x 10
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
name floor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 12
unique 1
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 11
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 13
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 11
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 11
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 15
end
arch wall_3_1
x 11
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name Shop Floor
x 14
y 12
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 4
end
arch wall_3_4
x 15
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 13
end
arch wall_3_4
x 15
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 15
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 15
y 15
end
