arch map
name ground
reset_timeout 7200
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 25
height 25
enter_x 12
enter_y 23
msg
Creator: Motified by MikeeUSA to fit style
Date:    1/10/2002
Modified: 2020-01-25 Acer
endmsg
end
arch blocked
end
arch blocked
y 1
end
arch blocked
y 2
end
arch blocked
y 3
end
arch blocked
y 4
end
arch blocked
y 5
end
arch blocked
y 6
end
arch blocked
y 7
end
arch blocked
y 8
end
arch blocked
y 9
end
arch blocked
y 10
end
arch blocked
y 11
end
arch blocked
y 12
end
arch blocked
y 13
end
arch blocked
y 14
end
arch blocked
y 15
end
arch blocked
y 16
end
arch blocked
y 17
end
arch blocked
y 18
end
arch blocked
y 19
end
arch blocked
y 20
end
arch blocked
y 21
end
arch blocked
y 22
end
arch blocked
y 23
end
arch blocked
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 2
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 2
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 3
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 4
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 5
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 6
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 7
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 8
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 9
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 10
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 11
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 12
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 13
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 14
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 15
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 16
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 17
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 2
y 19
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 2
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 2
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 3
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 3
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 4
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_2_2
x 4
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 3
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_3_2
x 4
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_3_2
x 4
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_2_1
x 4
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 4
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 4
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 4
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 5
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 5
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 5
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 5
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 6
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 speed boots for a portal to Darcap
name_pl drop 3 speed boots for a portal to Darcap
slaying speedboots
food 3
x 6
y 16
connected 25
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 6
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 6
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 6
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_3
x 7
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 7
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 7
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_3
x 7
y 12
end
arch goldfloor
name drop an Unholy Bow for a portal to Ancient Pupland
name_pl drop an Unholy Bow for a portal to Ancient Pupland
slaying magic_bow
food 1
x 7
y 13
connected 28
unique 1
end
arch magic_banned
x 7
y 14
end
arch goldfloor
name drop a shootingstar for a portal to Nurnberg
name_pl drop a shootingstar for a portal to Nurnberg
slaying shootingstar
food 1
x 7
y 14
connected 27
unique 1
end
arch magic_banned
x 7
y 15
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 5 tissue paper for a portal to the Pupland Terminal
name_pl drop 5 tissue paper for a portal to the Pupland Terminal
slaying bolt_silk
food 5
x 7
y 15
connected 26
unique 1
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 2 dragon mail for a portal to Navar
name_pl drop 2 dragon mail for a portal to Navar
slaying dragon_mail
food 2
x 7
y 16
connected 24
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 7
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 7
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 7
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_devourers
x 8
y 3
connected 10
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 Frostbrands for an altar to Devourers
name_pl drop 3 Frostbrands for an altar to Devourers
slaying frostbrand
food 3
x 8
y 3
connected 10
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 8
y 5
connected 60
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 8
y 6
connected 60
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 8
y 6
connected 60
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 8
y 7
connected 60
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 8
y 11
connected 62
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 8
y 12
connected 62
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 8
y 12
connected 62
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 8
y 13
connected 62
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 5000 pearls for a portal to Santo Dominion
name_pl drop 5000 pearls for a portal to Santo Dominion
slaying pearl
food 5000
x 8
y 16
connected 23
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 8
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 8
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_ruggilli
x 9
y 3
connected 11
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 Firebrands for an altar of Ruggilli
name_pl drop 3 Firebrands for an altar of Ruggilli
slaying firebrand
food 3
x 9
y 3
connected 11
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_4
x 9
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 9
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 9
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_4
x 9
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 1000 diamonds for a portal to Brest
name_pl drop 1000 diamonds for a portal to Brest
slaying gem
food 1000
x 9
y 16
connected 22
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 9
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 9
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_valriel
x 10
y 3
connected 12
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 Demonbanes for an altar to Valriel
name_pl drop 3 Demonbanes for an altar to Valriel
slaying demonbane
food 3
x 10
y 3
connected 12
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 10
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 10
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 5000 Platinum for a portal to Scorn
name_pl drop 5000 Platinum for a portal to Scorn
slaying platinacoin
food 5000
x 10
y 16
connected 21
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 10
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 10
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 10
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 11
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 11
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_sorig
x 11
y 3
connected 13
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 mjoellnirs for an altar of Sorig
name_pl drop 3 mjoellnirs for an altar of Sorig
slaying mjoellnir
food 3
x 11
y 3
connected 13
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 11
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 11
y 9
connected 61
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 11
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_3
x 11
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 11
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 11
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_1_3
x 11
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 12
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_lythander
x 12
y 3
connected 14
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 Elven Bows for an altar of Lythander
name_pl drop 3 Elven Bows for an altar of Lythander
slaying elven_bow
food 3
x 12
y 3
connected 14
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_3_3
x 12
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 12
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_2
x 12
y 8
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 12
y 9
connected 61
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch grate_closed_2
x 12
y 9
connected 61
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_1
x 12
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 12
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_3_1
x 12
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch book_clasp
name Owners Guide
name_pl Owners Guide
msg
Welcome to your new Small Guild House!
Should you need any additional keys, simply place 500 diamonds on the altar and one will be delivered to you right away. Remember that anyone you give a key to will have complete access to your home, so please be careful when choosing your new roomates.
endmsg
x 12
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 12
y 17
connected 51
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 12
y 18
move_block all
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 12
y 18
connected 51
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 12
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 12
y 19
connected 51
end
arch invis_exit
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 12
y 20
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 12
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 13
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 13
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_gaea
x 13
y 3
connected 15
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 5 healing potions for an altar of Gaea
name_pl drop 5 healing potions for an altar of Gaea
slaying potion_heal
food 5
x 13
y 3
connected 15
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 7
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar
name drop 500 diamonds for a new key.
name_pl drop 500 diamonds for a new key.
slaying gem
food 500
x 13
y 7
connected 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 13
y 9
connected 61
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_4
x 13
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 13
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 13
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_1_4
x 13
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 14
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_mostrai
x 14
y 3
connected 16
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 3 Bonecrushers for an altar of Mostrai
name_pl drop 3 Bonecrushers for an altar of Mostrai
slaying bonecrusher
food 3
x 14
y 3
connected 16
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 14
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 14
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 14
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 15
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 15
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_gnarg
x 15
y 3
connected 17
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 10 pixie wings for an altar of Gnarg
name_pl drop 10 pixie wings for an altar of Gnarg
slaying pix_wing
x 15
y 3
connected 17
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_3
x 15
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_3
x 15
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 15
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 15
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 15
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 16
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 16
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 16
y 2
end
arch creator
other_arch altar_gorokh
x 16
y 3
connected 18
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 5 potions of cold resistance for an altar of Gorokh
name_pl drop 5 potions of cold resistance for an altar of Gorokh
slaying potion_fire
food 5
x 16
y 3
connected 18
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch creator
other_arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 15
connected 40
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 16
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 16
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 16
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 16
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 16
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 17
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 17
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 17
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_4
x 17
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_1_4
x 17
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 17
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 17
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 17
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 17
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 17
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 18
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 18
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 18
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 18
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 18
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 19
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 19
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch creator
other_arch silver_converter
x 19
y 8
connected 30
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 1000 platinum for a silver to gold converter
name_pl drop 1000 platinum for a silver to gold converter
slaying platinacoin
food 1000
x 19
y 8
connected 30
unique 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gold_converter
x 19
y 9
connected 31
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 1000 platinum for a gold to platinum converter
name_pl drop 1000 platinum for a gold to platinum converter
slaying platinacoin
food 1000
x 19
y 9
connected 31
unique 1
end
arch creator
other_arch platinum_converter
x 19
y 10
connected 32
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 1000 platinum coins for a platinum to gold converter
name_pl drop 1000 platinum coins for a platinum to gold converter
slaying platinacoin
food 1000
x 19
y 10
connected 32
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 19
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 19
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 19
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 19
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 20
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 20
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_2_3
x 20
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 3
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_3_4
x 20
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_3_4
x 20
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 20
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch burningwall_2_2_4
x 20
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 20
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 20
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 20
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 21
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 21
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 21
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 24
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 22
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 1
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 2
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 3
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 4
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 5
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 6
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 7
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 8
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 9
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 10
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 11
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 12
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 13
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 14
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 15
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 16
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 17
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 18
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 22
y 19
end
arch neverusethisarch
x 22
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 22
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 23
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 24
end
arch grass
x 24
end
arch teleporter
hp 14
sp 7
x 24
speed 0.000000
connected 20
end
arch key2
name Small Guild Key
name_pl Small Guild Keys
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 24
end
arch grass
x 24
y 1
end
arch teleporter
name scorn portal
name_pl scorn portal
hp 10
sp 17
x 24
y 1
speed 0.000000
connected 21
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Scorn
name_pl Scorn
slaying /world/world_105_115
hp 5
sp 38
x 24
y 1
end
arch grass
x 24
y 2
end
arch teleporter
name brest portal
name_pl brest portal
hp 9
sp 17
x 24
y 2
speed 0.000000
connected 22
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Brest
name_pl Brest
slaying /world/world_107_123
hp 27
sp 35
x 24
y 2
end
arch grass
x 24
y 3
end
arch teleporter
hp 8
sp 17
x 24
y 3
speed 0.000000
connected 23
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Santo Dominion
name_pl Santo Dominion
slaying /world/world_102_108
hp 20
sp 14
x 24
y 3
end
arch grass
x 24
y 4
end
arch teleporter
name navar portal
name_pl navar portal
hp 7
sp 17
x 24
y 4
speed 0.000000
connected 24
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Navar
name_pl Navar
slaying /world/world_121_116
hp 48
sp 45
x 24
y 4
end
arch grass
x 24
y 5
end
arch teleporter
name darcap portal
name_pl darcap portal
hp 6
sp 17
x 24
y 5
speed 0.000000
connected 25
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Darcap
name_pl Darcap
slaying /world/world_116_102
hp 24
sp 41
x 24
y 5
end
arch grass
x 24
y 6
end
arch teleporter
hp 6
sp 15
x 24
y 6
speed 0.000000
connected 26
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Pupland Terminal
name_pl Pupland Terminal
slaying /world/world_103_100
hp 27
sp 29
x 24
y 6
end
arch grass
x 24
y 7
end
arch teleporter
name nurnberg portal
name_pl nurnberg portal
hp 6
sp 14
x 24
y 7
speed 0.000000
connected 27
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Nurnberg
name_pl Nurnberg
slaying /world/world_103_104
hp 6
sp 35
x 24
y 7
end
arch grass
x 24
y 8
end
arch teleporter
name ancient pupland portal
name_pl ancient pupland portal
hp 6
sp 13
x 24
y 8
speed 0.000000
connected 28
end
arch perm_magic_portal
name Ancient Pupland
name_pl Ancient Pupland
slaying /pup_land/ancient/world
hp 28
sp 24
x 24
y 8
end
arch grass
x 24
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 9
end
arch grass
x 24
y 10
end
arch grate_open_1
x 24
y 10
connected 28
end
arch boulder
x 24
y 10
end
arch grass
x 24
y 11
end
arch button_plate
x 24
y 11
connected 50
end
arch grass
x 24
y 12
end
arch teleporter
hp 6
sp 13
x 24
y 12
speed 0.000000
connected 50
end
arch check_inv
slaying scolar of kurte
x 24
y 12
move_block all
end
arch grass
x 24
y 13
end
arch teleporter
hp 6
sp 9
x 24
y 13
speed 0.000000
connected 29
end
arch grass
x 24
y 14
end
arch teleporter
hp 16
sp 15
x 24
y 14
speed 0.000000
connected 40
end
arch grass
x 24
y 15
end
arch grass
x 24
y 16
end
arch grass
x 24
y 17
end
arch grass
x 24
y 18
end
arch grass
x 24
y 19
end
arch grass
x 24
y 20
end
arch grass
x 24
y 21
end
arch grass
x 24
y 22
end
arch grass
x 24
y 23
end
arch grass
x 24
y 24
end
