arch map
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 16
height 16
msg
Creator: MikeeUSA
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sun Mar 11 13:35:58 2007
endmsg
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 4
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 5
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch marble
y 12
end
arch dwall_3_2
y 12
end
arch marble
y 13
end
arch dwall_3_2
y 13
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 1
y 12
end
arch dwall3_3
x 1
y 12
end
arch marble
x 1
y 13
end
arch dwall_3_1
x 1
y 13
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_plate
name open gates
name_pl open gates
x 1
y 14
weight 10000
connected 3
end
arch spikes_open
x 1
y 14
speed 0.500000
value 1
connected 4
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 1
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 2
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 2
y 12
end
arch marble
x 2
y 13
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 2
y 13
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch boulder
name push to open gates
name_pl push to open gates
x 2
y 14
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 2
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 3
y 11
connected 2
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 3
y 12
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 3
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 2
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 3
y 13
connected 2
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 3
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 4
y 12
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 4
y 12
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_handle
name close gates
name_pl close gates
x 4
y 13
connected 4
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 5
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 12
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_lever
x 5
y 13
connected 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 5
y 14
connected 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 6
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 6
y 12
end
arch marble
x 6
y 13
end
arch dwall_1_2
x 6
y 13
end
arch marble
x 6
y 14
end
arch igate_closed_2
x 6
y 14
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch marble
x 6
y 15
end
arch dwall_1_3
x 6
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar_none
x 7
y 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 12
end
arch marble
x 7
y 12
unique 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 7
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 7
y 14
connected 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 7
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch invis_exit
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 7
y 15
end
arch marble
x 7
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar_none
x 8
y 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 12
end
arch marble
x 8
y 12
unique 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 8
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch invis_exit
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 8
y 15
end
arch marble
x 8
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 9
y 12
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 9
y 12
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar_trigger
name Donate 100 Ambercoins to this Temple
name_pl 3 Platinum Certificates to play
slaying ambercoin
food 100
x 9
y 13
last_sp 1
connected 8
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar_trigger
name Donate 10 Imperials to this Temple
name_pl 3 Platinum Certificates to play
slaying imperial
food 10
x 9
y 14
last_sp 1
connected 9
end
arch marble
x 9
y 15
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 9
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 10
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 12
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar_trigger
name Donate 10 Diamonds to this Temple
name_pl 3 Platinum Certificates to play
slaying gem
food 10
x 10
y 13
last_sp 1
connected 6
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch altar_trigger
name Donate 10 Goldcoins to this Temple
name_pl 3 Platinum Certificates to play
slaying goldcoin
food 10
x 10
y 14
last_sp 1
connected 7
end
arch marble
x 10
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 11
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 11
y 12
end
arch dwall3_3
x 11
y 12
end
arch marble
x 11
y 13
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 13
end
arch marble
x 11
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 11
y 14
end
arch marble
x 11
y 15
end
arch dwall_3_1
x 11
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 12
y 12
end
arch dwall_1_3
x 12
y 12
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch gem
hp 0
x 12
y 13
connected 6
lifesave 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch goldcoin
hp 0
x 12
y 14
connected 7
lifesave 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 12
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 13
y 11
connected 5
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 13
y 12
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 13
y 12
speed 0.500000
connected 5
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 13
y 13
connected 5
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 13
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 14
y 12
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 14
y 12
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch ambercoin
hp 0
x 14
y 13
connected 8
lifesave 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch creator
other_arch imperial
hp 0
x 14
y 14
connected 9
lifesave 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch marble
x 14
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 15
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 1
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 3
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 4
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 5
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 6
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 7
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 8
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 9
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 10
end
arch marble
name buildable marble
name_pl buildable marble
x 15
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch marble
x 15
y 12
end
arch dwall_3_4
x 15
y 12
end
arch marble
x 15
y 13
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 13
end
arch marble
x 15
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 14
end
arch marble
x 15
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 15
y 15
end
