arch map
reset_timeout 7200
difficulty 1
region wilderness
darkness 3
width 16
height 16
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
end
arch light1
end
arch blocked
end
arch light1
y 1
end
arch blocked
y 1
end
arch light1
y 2
end
arch blocked
y 2
end
arch light1
y 3
end
arch blocked
y 3
end
arch light1
y 4
end
arch blocked
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
y 5
end
arch blocked
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
y 6
end
arch blocked
y 6
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
y 7
end
arch blocked
y 7
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
y 8
end
arch blocked
y 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
y 9
end
arch blocked
y 9
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
y 10
end
arch blocked
y 10
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
y 11
end
arch blocked
y 11
end
arch light1
y 12
end
arch blocked
y 12
end
arch light1
y 13
end
arch blocked
y 13
end
arch light1
y 14
end
arch blocked
y 14
end
arch light1
y 15
end
arch blocked
y 15
end
arch light1
x 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
end
arch light1
x 1
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 1
end
arch light1
x 1
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 2
end
arch light1
x 1
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 1
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 1
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 1
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 11
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 1
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 1
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 12
end
arch light1
x 1
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 13
end
arch light1
x 1
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 14
end
arch light1
x 1
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 15
end
arch light1
x 2
end
arch blocked
x 2
end
arch light1
x 2
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 1
end
arch light1
x 2
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 2
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 2
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 2
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 2
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 2
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 13
end
arch light1
x 2
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 14
end
arch light1
x 2
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 15
end
arch light1
x 3
end
arch blocked
x 3
end
arch light1
x 3
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 3
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 3
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 3
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 13
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 3
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 14
end
arch light1
x 3
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 15
end
arch light1
x 4
end
arch blocked
x 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 4
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 4
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 4
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 14
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 4
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 15
end
arch light1
x 5
end
arch blocked
x 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 5
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 5
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 15
end
arch light1
x 6
end
arch blocked
x 6
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 6
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 6
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 6
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 15
end
arch light1
x 7
end
arch blocked
x 7
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 7
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch stair3_gstone_up
slaying MAIN_FLOOR
hp 7
sp 8
x 7
y 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 7
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 7
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 15
end
arch light1
x 8
end
arch blocked
x 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 8
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 8
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 8
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 15
end
arch light1
x 9
end
arch blocked
x 9
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 9
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 9
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine2
x 9
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 15
end
arch light1
x 10
end
arch blocked
x 10
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 1
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 10
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 10
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 10
y 14
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 10
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 10
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 15
end
arch light1
x 11
end
arch blocked
x 11
end
arch light1
x 11
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 11
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 11
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 11
y 13
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 11
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 11
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 14
end
arch light1
x 11
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 15
end
arch light1
x 12
end
arch blocked
x 12
end
arch light1
x 12
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 1
end
arch light1
x 12
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 2
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 12
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 12
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 12
y 12
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 12
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 13
end
arch light1
x 12
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 14
end
arch light1
x 12
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 15
end
arch light1
x 13
end
arch blocked
x 13
end
arch light1
x 13
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 1
end
arch light1
x 13
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 2
end
arch light1
x 13
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 3
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 13
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine4
x 13
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine10
x 13
y 11
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 13
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 12
end
arch light1
x 13
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 13
end
arch light1
x 13
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 14
end
arch light1
x 13
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 15
end
arch light1
x 14
end
arch blocked
x 14
end
arch light1
x 14
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 1
end
arch light1
x 14
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 2
end
arch light1
x 14
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 3
end
arch light1
x 14
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 4
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine9
x 14
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
x 14
y 6
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
x 14
y 7
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
x 14
y 8
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
x 14
y 9
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine3
x 14
y 10
end
arch dirtfloor
name buildable dirtfloor
name_pl buildable dirtfloor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch mine12
x 14
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 11
end
arch light1
x 14
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 12
end
arch light1
x 14
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 13
end
arch light1
x 14
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 14
end
arch light1
x 14
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 15
end
