arch map
name 
reset_timeout 7200
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 18
height 18
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
end
arch blocked
end
arch blocked
y 1
end
arch blocked
y 2
end
arch blocked
y 3
end
arch blocked
y 4
end
arch blocked
y 5
end
arch blocked
y 6
end
arch blocked
y 7
end
arch blocked
y 8
end
arch blocked
y 9
end
arch blocked
y 10
end
arch blocked
y 11
end
arch blocked
y 12
end
arch blocked
y 13
end
arch blocked
y 14
end
arch blocked
y 15
end
arch blocked
y 16
end
arch blocked
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 2
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 2
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_2_2
x 2
y 2
end
arch wwall_0
x 2
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 3
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 4
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 5
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 5
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 6
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 6
end
arch wwall_0
x 2
y 6
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 7
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 7
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 8
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 8
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 9
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 9
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 10
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 10
end
arch wwall_0
x 2
y 10
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 11
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 11
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 12
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 12
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 2
y 13
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 2
y 13
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 2
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 2
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_2_1
x 2
y 14
end
arch wwall_0
x 2
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 3
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 3
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 3
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 3
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 3
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 3
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 4
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 4
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 4
y 2
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch stair_3_down
slaying DOWN_1
hp 4
sp 7
x 4
y 7
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 4
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 4
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 5
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 5
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 5
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch button_lever
x 5
y 12
connected 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 5
y 13
connected 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 5
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 5
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 6
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 6
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 6
y 2
end
arch wwall_0
x 6
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
x 6
y 12
end
arch ewall_1_4
x 6
y 12
end
arch wwall_0
x 6
y 12
end
arch flagstone
x 6
y 13
end
arch igate_closed_2
x 6
y 13
speed 0.500000
connected 1
end
arch flagstone
x 6
y 14
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 6
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 6
y 14
end
arch wwall_0
x 6
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 7
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 7
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 7
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
x 7
y 12
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 7
y 12
end
arch check_inv
slaying PLAYER_FORCE
x 7
y 13
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 7
y 13
unique 1
end
arch flagstone
x 7
y 14
end
arch slevel_1_3
x 7
y 14
end
arch ewall_1_3
x 7
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 8
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 8
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 8
y 2
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch ladder_up
slaying UP_1
hp 8
sp 8
x 8
y 8
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
x 8
y 12
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 8
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
end
arch invis_exit
slaying REPLACE_ME
hp 9999
sp 9999
x 8
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 14
end
arch door_2
x 8
y 14
move_block 0
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 9
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 9
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 9
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
x 9
y 12
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 9
y 12
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
end
arch flagstone
x 9
y 14
end
arch slevel_1_4
x 9
y 14
end
arch ewall_1_4
x 9
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 10
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 10
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 10
y 2
end
arch wwall_0
x 10
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
x 10
y 12
end
arch ewall_2_2_3
x 10
y 12
end
arch wwall_0
x 10
y 12
end
arch flagstone
x 10
y 13
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 10
y 13
end
arch flagstone
x 10
y 14
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 10
y 14
end
arch ewall_3_1
x 10
y 14
end
arch wwall_0
x 10
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 11
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 11
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 11
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 11
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch bed_save
x 11
y 13
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 11
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 11
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 11
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 12
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 12
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 12
y 2
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 12
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 12
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 13
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 13
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 13
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor2
name woodfloor
name_pl woodfloor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_2
x 13
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_1_2
x 13
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 14
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 14
y 2
end
arch ewall_2_2_3
x 14
y 2
end
arch wwall_0
x 14
y 2
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 3
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 4
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 5
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 5
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 6
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 6
end
arch wwall_0
x 14
y 6
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 7
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 7
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 8
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 8
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 9
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 9
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 10
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 10
end
arch wwall_0
x 14
y 10
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 11
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 11
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 12
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 12
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_1_1
x 14
y 13
end
arch ewall_2_1_1
x 14
y 13
end
arch flagstone
name buildable floor
name_pl buildable floor
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 14
y 14
end
arch ewall_2_2_4
x 14
y 14
end
arch wwall_0
x 14
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 16
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 17
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 17
end
