arch map
name layaway
width 8
height 9
msg
Created:  2020-01-21 Acer
Modified: 2020-01-21 Acer
endmsg
end
arch cobblestones2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch shop_empty
y 2
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 13
sp 6
y 2
end
arch shop_empty
y 3
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 13
sp 7
y 3
end
arch shop_empty
y 4
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 13
sp 8
y 4
end
arch shop_empty
y 5
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 13
sp 9
y 5
end
arch shop_empty
y 6
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 13
sp 10
y 6
end
arch cobblestones2
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 1
end
arch wall_3_2
x 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 1
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 1
y 2
end
arch wall_1_2_ruin
x 1
y 2
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 1
y 6
end
arch wall_1_1
x 1
y 6
end
arch shop_empty
x 1
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 7
end
arch shop_empty
x 1
y 8
end
arch wall_3_2
x 1
y 8
end
arch shop_empty
x 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 2
y 1
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name LAYAWAY
msg
Place unpaid items in this space to have them resist replenishment.
endmsg
x 2
y 4
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 2
y 7
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 2
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
y 8
end
arch shop_empty
x 3
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 3
y 1
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 3
y 7
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 3
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 8
end
arch shop_empty
x 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 4
y 1
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 4
y 7
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 4
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 8
end
arch shop_empty
x 5
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 5
y 1
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name LAYAWAY
msg
Place unpaid items in this space to have them resist replenishment.
endmsg
x 5
y 4
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch chest_2
x 5
y 7
no_pick 1
unique 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 5
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 8
end
arch shop_empty
x 6
end
arch wall_3_4
x 6
end
arch shop_empty
x 6
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 6
y 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 6
y 2
end
arch wall_1_2
x 6
y 2
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 6
y 6
end
arch wall_1_1
x 6
y 6
end
arch shop_empty
x 6
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 6
y 7
end
arch shop_empty
x 6
y 8
end
arch wall_3_4
x 6
y 8
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch shop_empty
x 7
y 2
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 20
sp 6
x 7
y 2
end
arch shop_empty
x 7
y 3
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 21
sp 7
x 7
y 3
end
arch shop_empty
x 7
y 4
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 22
sp 8
x 7
y 4
end
arch shop_empty
x 7
y 5
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 23
sp 9
x 7
y 5
end
arch shop_empty
x 7
y 6
end
arch invis_exit
slaying BasicSpells
hp 24
sp 10
x 7
y 6
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
