arch map
name death_1
width 10
height 10
msg
Created:  2023-09-06 Titus
Modified: 2023-09-06 Titus
endmsg
end
arch bosgrass15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
end
arch bosgrass17
y 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_3_2
y 2
end
arch bosgrass15
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
y 4
end
arch bosgrass15
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 0
is_wooded 0
end
arch creator
x 1
y 1
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
arch scroll_new
other_arch rose_red
level 100
no_pick 1
identified 1
changing 1
startequip 1
arch spell_word_of_recall
end
end
end
arch spikes_closed
x 1
y 1
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 1
y 2
end
arch bosgrass17
x 1
y 3
end
arch detector
slaying gravestone
x 1
y 3
connected 1
end
arch spikes_open
x 1
y 3
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
end
arch mover_2
hp 1
x 1
y 3
level 1
attacktype 1
lifesave 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 1
y 4
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass17
x 1
y 7
move_block swim boat
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 1
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 2
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 2
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 2
y 3
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 2
y 4
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 2
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 3
y 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch spikes_open
x 3
y 2
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 3
y 3
end
arch bosgrass10
x 3
y 4
end
arch creator
x 3
y 4
connected 1
activate_on_release 0
arch titus_flower
no_pick 1
identified 1
startequip 1
end
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 3
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch flagstone
x 4
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 1
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 2
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 3
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 4
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 5
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 6
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 7
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 8
end
arch flagstone
x 4
y 9
end
arch flagstone
x 5
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 1
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 2
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 3
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 4
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 5
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 6
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 7
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 8
end
arch flagstone
x 5
y 9
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass17
x 6
y 5
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass17
x 6
y 8
move_block swim boat
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 6
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 7
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass12
x 8
y 3
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 8
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass13
x 9
y 2
damned 1
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
arch bosgrass15
x 9
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
is_wooded 0
end
