arch map
name ocean test
width 9
height 9
msg
Created:  2020-01-23 Acer
Modified: 2020-01-23 Acer
endmsg
end
arch sea
y 6
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
y 6
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
y 6
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
y 7
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
y 7
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
y 7
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
y 8
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
y 8
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
y 8
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
x 1
y 6
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
x 1
y 6
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
x 1
y 6
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
x 1
y 7
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
x 1
y 7
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
x 1
y 7
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
x 1
y 8
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
x 1
y 8
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
x 1
y 8
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
x 2
y 6
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
x 2
y 6
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
x 2
y 6
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
x 2
y 7
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
x 2
y 7
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
x 2
y 7
connected drytheocean
end
arch sea
x 2
y 8
move_block 0
end
arch spikes_closed
x 2
y 8
invisible 1
connected drytheocean
move_block all -boat
end
arch oceanfloor_open
luck 1
x 2
y 8
connected drytheocean
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 3
y 6
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 3
y 7
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 3
y 8
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 4
y 6
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 4
y 7
end
arch sailing_galleon
x 4
y 7
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 4
y 8
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 5
y 6
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 5
y 7
end
arch afloor_black_left
x 5
y 8
end
arch button_handle
x 5
y 8
connected drytheocean
no_pick 0
activate_on_release 0
end
