arch map
reset_timeout 7200
difficulty 1
region wilderness
width 10
height 10
enter_x 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sun May  6 23:28:37 2001
endmsg
end
arch cave21
move_block 0
end
arch wall_0
y 1
end
arch small_stones
y 2
end
arch wall_0
y 3
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
y 4
end
arch wall_0
y 5
end
arch cave21
y 6
move_block 0
end
arch wall_0
y 7
end
arch rock2
y 8
end
arch rock
y 9
end
arch wall_0
x 1
end
arch small_stones
x 1
y 1
end
arch wall_0
x 1
y 2
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 1
y 3
end
arch wall_0
x 1
y 4
end
arch cave21
x 1
y 5
move_block 0
end
arch wall_0
x 1
y 6
end
arch rock
x 1
y 7
end
arch boulder
x 1
y 8
end
arch rock2
x 1
y 9
end
arch small_stones
x 2
end
arch wall_0
x 2
y 1
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 2
y 2
end
arch wall_0
x 2
y 3
end
arch cave21
x 2
y 4
move_block 0
end
arch wall_0
x 2
y 5
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 2
y 6
end
arch boulder
x 2
y 7
end
arch rock
x 2
y 8
end
arch rock2
x 2
y 9
end
arch wall_0
x 3
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 3
y 1
end
arch wall_0
x 3
y 2
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 3
y 3
end
arch wall_0
x 3
y 4
end
arch boulder
x 3
y 5
end
arch rock
x 3
y 6
end
arch boulder
x 3
y 7
end
arch rock2
x 3
y 8
end
arch boulder
x 3
y 9
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 4
end
arch wall_0
x 4
y 1
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 4
y 2
end
arch wall_0
x 4
y 3
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 4
y 4
end
arch rock
x 4
y 5
end
arch rock2
x 4
y 6
end
arch rock
x 4
y 7
end
arch rock2
x 4
y 8
end
arch rock
x 4
y 9
end
arch wall_0
x 5
end
arch cave21
x 5
y 1
move_block 0
end
arch wall_0
x 5
y 2
end
arch rock2
x 5
y 3
end
arch rock
x 5
y 4
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 5
y 5
end
arch rock
x 5
y 6
end
arch rock2
x 5
y 7
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 5
y 8
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 5
y 9
end
arch cave21
x 6
move_block 0
end
arch wall_0
x 6
y 1
end
arch rock2
x 6
y 2
end
arch boulder
x 6
y 3
end
arch rock
x 6
y 4
end
arch rock2
x 6
y 5
end
arch boulder
x 6
y 6
end
arch boulder
x 6
y 7
end
arch rock
x 6
y 8
end
arch rock
x 6
y 9
end
arch wall_0
x 7
end
arch rock
x 7
y 1
end
arch boulder
x 7
y 2
end
arch rock2
x 7
y 3
end
arch boulder
x 7
y 4
end
arch rock2
x 7
y 5
end
arch rock2
x 7
y 6
end
arch rock2
x 7
y 7
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 7
y 8
end
arch rock2
x 7
y 9
end
arch boulder
x 8
end
arch rock2
x 8
y 1
end
arch rock
x 8
y 2
end
arch rock2
x 8
y 3
end
arch boulder
x 8
y 4
end
arch boulder
x 8
y 5
end
arch rock
x 8
y 6
end
arch rock2
x 8
y 7
end
arch rock
x 8
y 8
end
arch boulder
x 8
y 9
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 9
end
arch boulder
x 9
y 1
end
arch rock2
x 9
y 2
end
arch boulder
x 9
y 3
end
arch rock2
x 9
y 4
end
arch rock2
x 9
y 5
end
arch rock
x 9
y 6
end
arch rock2
x 9
y 7
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle cave3
exitstyle ladder
doorstyle stone
dungeon_level 7
decorstyle mine_nothing
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 16
orientation 1
treasurestyle mine_nothing
treasureoptions 64
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 9
y 8
end
arch rock
x 9
y 9
end
