arch map
difficulty 1
width 10
height 10
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Gnat the Gnu
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sun May  6 23:28:37 2001
endmsg
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle MLABICE
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle dragon
decorstyle MLABICECAVESSA
doorstyle special/stone
dungeon_depth 2
orientation 1
treasureoptions 1
maze layoutoptions1 1 
expand2x 1
endmsg
face ladder_down.111
end
arch icecube
y 1
end
arch snowstorm_0
y 2
end
arch sapphire
y 3
end
arch snowstorm_0
y 4
end
arch boulder
y 5
end
arch snowstorm_0
y 6
end
arch icecube
y 7
end
arch snowstorm_0
y 8
end
arch icecube
y 9
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 1
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle MLABICE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABICECAVESSA
doorstyle special/stone
dungeon_depth 2
orientation 1
endmsg
face ladder_down.111
x 1
y 1
end
arch icecube
x 1
y 2
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 1
y 3
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 1
y 4
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 1
y 5
end
arch icecube
x 1
y 6
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 1
y 7
end
arch sapphire
x 1
y 8
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 1
y 9
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 2
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 2
y 1
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch sapphire
x 2
y 2
end
arch boulder
x 2
y 3
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 2
y 4
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 2
y 5
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 2
y 6
end
arch icecube
x 2
y 7
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 2
y 8
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 2
y 9
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 3
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle MLABICE
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle dragon
decorstyle MLABICECAVESSA
doorstyle special/stone
dungeon_depth 2
orientation 1
endmsg
face ladder_down.111
x 3
y 1
end
arch boulder
x 3
y 2
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 3
y 3
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 3
y 4
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch sapphire
x 3
y 5
end
arch boulder
x 3
y 6
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 3
y 7
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 3
y 8
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 3
y 9
end
arch sapphire
x 4
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 4
y 1
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle rogue
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle earthen
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle dragon
decorstyle furniture
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1




endmsg
face ladder_down.111
x 4
y 2
end
arch boulder
x 4
y 3
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 4
y 4
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 4
y 5
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 4
y 6
end
arch icecube
x 4
y 7
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 4
y 8
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 4
y 9
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch sapphire
x 5
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 5
y 1
end
arch icecube
x 5
y 2
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 5
y 3
end
arch boulder
x 5
y 4
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 5
y 5
end
arch icecube
x 5
y 6
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 5
y 7
end
arch sapphire
x 5
y 8
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 5
y 9
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going up
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle MLABICE
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle dragon
decorstyle MLABICECAVESSA
doorstyle special/stone
dungeon_depth 2
orientation 2
endmsg
face ladder_up.111
x 6
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 6
y 1
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 6
y 2
end
arch icecube
x 6
y 3
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 6
y 4
end
arch sapphire
x 6
y 5
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 6
y 6
end
arch sapphire
x 6
y 7
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 6
y 8
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 6
y 9
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch icecube
x 7
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 7
y 1
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 7
y 2
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 7
y 3
end
arch icecube
x 7
y 4
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 7
y 5
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 7
y 6
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 7
y 7
end
arch sapphire
x 7
y 8
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 7
y 9
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going up
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle MLABICE
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle dragon
decorstyle MLABICECAVESSA
doorstyle special/stone
dungeon_depth 2
orientation 2
treasureoptions 1
maze layoutoptions1 1 
expand2x 1
endmsg
face ladder_up.111
x 8
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 8
y 1
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 8
y 2
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 8
y 3
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 8
y 4
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 8
y 5
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 8
y 6
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 8
y 7
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 8
y 8
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 8
y 9
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch icecube
x 9
end
arch stair_down_2
name ladder going up
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
floorstyle MLABICE
wallstyle MLABICE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABICECAVESSA
doorstyle special/stone
dungeon_depth 2
orientation 2
endmsg
face ladder_up.111
x 9
y 1
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 9
y 2
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 9
y 3
end
arch sapphire
x 9
y 4
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 9
y 5
end
arch deep_sea
name ice water
name_pl freezing water
dam 35
x 9
y 6
attacktype 16
no_pass 0
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 9
y 7
end
arch sapphire
x 9
y 8
end
arch snowstorm_0
x 9
y 9
end
