arch map
difficulty 1
width 10
height 10
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Gnat the Gnu
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sun May  6 23:28:37 2001
endmsg
end
arch largenugget
end
arch largenugget
y 1
end
arch goldore
y 2
end
arch goldore
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
y 4
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle MLABGMINE
decorstyle MLABGMINEORE
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 8
orientation 1
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
y 5
end
arch goldore
y 6
end
arch goldore
y 7
end
arch platore1kg
y 8
end
arch platore
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 1
end
arch largenugget
x 1
y 1
end
arch goldore
x 1
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 1
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 1
y 4
end
arch smallnugget
x 1
y 5
end
arch goldore
x 1
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 1
y 7
end
arch platore1kg
x 1
y 8
end
arch platore
x 1
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 2
end
arch largenugget
x 2
y 1
end
arch goldore
x 2
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 2
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 2
y 4
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABGMINEORE
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 7
orientation 1


endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 2
y 5
end
arch goldore
x 2
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 2
y 7
end
arch platore1kg
x 2
y 8
end
arch platore
x 2
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 3
end
arch largenugget
x 3
y 1
end
arch goldore
x 3
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 3
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 3
y 4
end
arch smallnugget
x 3
y 5
nrof 5
end
arch goldore
x 3
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 3
y 7
end
arch platore1kg
x 3
y 8
end
arch platore
x 3
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 4
nrof 5
end
arch largenugget
x 4
y 1
nrof 5
end
arch goldore
x 4
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 4
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 4
y 4
end
arch smallnugget
x 4
y 5
nrof 5
end
arch goldore
x 4
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 4
y 7
end
arch platore1kg
x 4
y 8
end
arch platore
x 4
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 5
nrof 5
end
arch largenugget
x 5
y 1
nrof 5
end
arch goldore
x 5
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 5
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 5
y 4
end
arch smallnugget
x 5
y 5
nrof 10
end
arch goldore
x 5
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 5
y 7
end
arch goldore1kg
x 5
y 8
end
arch platore
x 5
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 6
nrof 5
end
arch largenugget
x 6
y 1
nrof 5
end
arch goldore
x 6
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 6
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 6
y 4
end
arch smallnugget
x 6
y 5
nrof 10
end
arch goldore
x 6
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 6
y 7
end
arch goldore1kg
x 6
y 8
end
arch platore
x 6
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 7
nrof 5
end
arch largenugget
x 7
y 1
nrof 5
end
arch goldore
x 7
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 7
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 7
y 4
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABGMINEORE
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 8
orientation 1
endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 7
y 5
end
arch goldore
x 7
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 7
y 7
end
arch goldore1kg
x 7
y 8
end
arch platore
x 7
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 8
nrof 10
end
arch largenugget
x 8
y 1
nrof 10
end
arch goldore
x 8
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 8
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 8
y 4
end
arch smallnugget
x 8
y 5
nrof 10
end
arch goldore
x 8
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 8
y 7
end
arch goldore1kg
x 8
y 8
end
arch platore
x 8
y 9
end
arch largenugget
x 9
nrof 10
end
arch largenugget
x 9
y 1
nrof 10
end
arch goldore
x 9
y 2
end
arch goldore
x 9
y 3
end
arch goldore1kg
x 9
y 4
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 5
floorstyle MLABGMINE
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
monsterstyle MLABGMINE
decorstyle MLABGMINEORE
symmetry 1
dungeon_depth 11
orientation 1


endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 9
y 5
end
arch goldore
x 9
y 6
end
arch goldore
x 9
y 7
end
arch goldore1kg
x 9
y 8
end
arch platore
x 9
y 9
end
