arch map
difficulty 1
width 32
height 32
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
outdoor 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 2
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 3
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 4
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 4
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
y 5
end
arch blocked
y 6
end
arch blocked
y 7
end
arch blocked
y 8
end
arch blocked
y 9
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 10
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
y 10
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 11
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 12
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 13
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 1
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 1
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 1
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 1
y 4
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 1
y 5
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 1
y 6
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 7
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 1
y 7
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 8
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 1
y 8
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 9
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 1
y 9
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 10
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 1
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 1
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 1
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 1
y 13
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 1
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 1
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 2
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 5
end
arch clover
x 2
y 5
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 6
end
arch clover
x 2
y 6
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 7
end
arch clover
x 2
y 7
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 8
end
arch clover
x 2
y 8
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 9
end
arch clover
x 2
y 9
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 10
end
arch clover
x 2
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 2
y 13
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 2
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 2
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 3
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 4
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 5
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 6
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 7
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 8
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 9
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 3
y 13
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 3
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 3
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 4
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 5
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 6
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 7
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 8
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 9
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 4
y 13
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 4
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 4
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 5
y 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 5
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 5
y 2
end
arch clover
x 5
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 5
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 5
y 4
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 5
y 5
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 5
y 6
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 5
y 7
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 5
y 8
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 5
y 9
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 5
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 5
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 5
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 5
y 13
end
arch clover
x 5
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 5
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 5
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 5
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 5
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
end
arch blocked
x 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 6
y 1
end
arch dwall_1_3
x 6
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 6
y 2
end
arch clover
x 6
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 6
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 6
y 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 6
y 5
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 6
y 6
end
arch greenmarble
x 6
y 7
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 6
y 7
end
arch greenmarble
x 6
y 8
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 6
y 8
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 6
y 9
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 6
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 6
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 6
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 6
y 13
end
arch clover
x 6
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 6
y 14
end
arch dwall_1_3
x 6
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
end
arch blocked
x 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 1
end
arch invis_exit
slaying anelvensea
hp 44
sp 59
x 7
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 7
y 1
end
arch mdoor_open_1
x 7
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 7
y 2
end
arch clover
x 7
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 7
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 7
y 4
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 7
y 5
end
arch greenmarble
x 7
y 6
end
arch slevel_2_2_2
x 7
y 6
end
arch greenmarble
x 7
y 7
end
arch altar_lythander
x 7
y 7
end
arch greenmarble
x 7
y 8
end
arch altar_lythander
x 7
y 8
end
arch greenmarble
x 7
y 9
end
arch slevel_2_2_1
x 7
y 9
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 7
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 7
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 7
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 7
y 13
end
arch clover
x 7
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 7
y 14
end
arch mdoor_closed_1
x 7
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
end
arch blocked
x 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 8
y 1
end
arch mdoor_closed_1
x 8
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 8
y 2
end
arch clover
x 8
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 8
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 8
y 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 8
y 5
end
arch greenmarble
x 8
y 6
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 8
y 6
end
arch greenmarble
x 8
y 7
end
arch altar_lythander
x 8
y 7
end
arch greenmarble
x 8
y 8
end
arch altar_lythander
x 8
y 8
end
arch greenmarble
x 8
y 9
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 8
y 9
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 8
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 8
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 8
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 8
y 13
end
arch clover
x 8
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 8
y 14
end
arch mdoor_closed_1
x 8
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
end
arch blocked
x 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 9
y 1
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 9
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 9
y 2
end
arch clover
x 9
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 9
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 9
y 4
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 9
y 5
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 9
y 6
end
arch greenmarble
x 9
y 7
end
arch slevel_2_2_3
x 9
y 7
end
arch greenmarble
x 9
y 8
end
arch slevel_2_2_4
x 9
y 8
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 9
y 9
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 9
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 9
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 9
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 9
y 13
end
arch clover
x 9
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 9
y 14
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 9
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 10
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 10
y 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 10
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 10
y 2
end
arch clover
x 10
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 10
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 10
y 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 10
y 5
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 10
y 6
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 10
y 7
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 10
y 8
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 10
y 9
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 10
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 10
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 10
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 10
y 13
end
arch clover
x 10
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 10
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 10
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 10
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 10
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 11
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 4
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 5
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 6
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 7
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 8
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 9
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 11
y 13
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 11
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 11
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 12
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 4
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 5
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 6
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 7
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 8
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 9
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 12
y 13
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 12
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 12
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 13
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 1
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 2
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 3
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 4
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 5
end
arch clover
x 13
y 5
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 6
end
arch clover
x 13
y 6
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 7
end
arch clover
x 13
y 7
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 8
end
arch clover
x 13
y 8
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 9
end
arch clover
x 13
y 9
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 10
end
arch clover
x 13
y 10
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 11
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 12
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 13
y 13
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 13
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 13
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 14
y 1
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 14
y 2
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 14
y 3
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 14
y 4
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 14
y 5
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 6
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 14
y 6
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 7
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 14
y 7
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 8
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 14
y 8
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 9
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 14
y 9
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 10
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 14
y 10
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 14
y 11
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 14
y 12
end
arch greenmarblelight
x 14
y 13
end
arch greenmarblemedium
x 14
y 14
end
arch stair_3_up
slaying anelvenseatemple2
hp 14
sp 14
x 14
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 14
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 15
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 1
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 2
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 3
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 3
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 4
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 4
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 5
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 15
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 9
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 10
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 15
y 10
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 11
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 12
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 12
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 13
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 13
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 14
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 15
y 14
end
arch lightgreenmarble
x 15
y 15
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 15
y 15
end
