arch map
difficulty 1
region kingdomofsaints
width 140
height 140
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
outdoor 1
tile_path_1 /mlab/mountainvalley
tile_path_2 /mlab/highlands
end
arch shallow_sea
end
arch shallow_sea
y 1
end
arch swamp
y 2
end
arch swamp
y 3
end
arch deep_swamp
y 4
end
arch deep_swamp
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
y 7
end
arch swamp
y 8
end
arch swamp
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 10
end
arch evergreens
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
y 33
end
arch blocked
y 34
end
arch shallow_sea
x 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 1
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 1
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 1
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 1
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 1
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 1
y 6
end
arch deep_swamp
x 1
y 7
end
arch swamp
x 1
y 8
end
arch swamp
x 1
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 1
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 10
end
arch evergreens
x 1
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 1
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 1
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 35
end
arch swamp
x 2
end
arch swamp
x 2
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 2
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 2
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 2
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 2
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 2
y 6
end
arch deep_swamp
x 2
y 7
end
arch deep_swamp
x 2
y 8
end
arch swamp
x 2
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 2
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 10
end
arch evergreens
x 2
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 2
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 2
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 36
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 37
end
arch swamp
x 3
end
arch deep_swamp
x 3
y 1
end
arch deep_swamp
x 3
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 3
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 3
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 3
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 3
y 6
end
arch swamp
x 3
y 7
end
arch swamp
x 3
y 8
end
arch swamp
x 3
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 3
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 10
end
arch evergreens
x 3
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 3
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 3
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 37
end
arch deep_swamp
x 4
end
arch deep_swamp
x 4
y 1
end
arch deep_swamp
x 4
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 4
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 4
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 4
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 4
y 6
end
arch swamp
x 4
y 7
end
arch swamp
x 4
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 4
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 4
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 10
end
arch evergreens
x 4
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 4
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 4
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 4
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 4
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 4
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 4
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 37
end
arch deep_swamp
x 5
end
arch deep_swamp
x 5
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 5
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 5
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 5
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 5
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 5
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 5
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 5
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 5
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 9
end
arch evergreens
x 5
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 5
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 5
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 5
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 37
end
arch deep_swamp
x 6
end
arch swamp
x 6
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 6
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 6
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 6
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 6
y 5
end
arch swamp
x 6
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 6
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 7
end
arch evergreens
x 6
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 6
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 6
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 6
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 6
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 37
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 38
end
arch shallow_sea
x 7
end
arch swamp
x 7
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 7
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 7
y 3
end
arch deep_swamp
x 7
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 7
y 5
end
arch swamp
x 7
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 7
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 7
end
arch evergreens
x 7
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 7
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 7
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 7
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 7
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 38
end
arch shallow_sea
x 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 8
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 8
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 8
y 3
end
arch deep_swamp
x 8
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 8
y 5
end
arch swamp
x 8
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 8
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 7
end
arch evergreens
x 8
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 8
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 8
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 8
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 8
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 38
end
arch shallow_sea
x 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 9
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 9
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 9
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 9
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 9
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 9
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 9
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 7
end
arch evergreens
x 9
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 9
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 9
end
arch grassdark
x 9
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 9
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 9
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 39
end
arch shallow_sea
x 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 10
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 10
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 10
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 10
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 10
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 10
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 10
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 10
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 10
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 9
end
arch grassdark
x 10
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 10
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 10
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 39
end
arch shallow_sea
x 11
end
arch shallow_sea
x 11
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 11
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 11
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 11
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 11
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 11
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 11
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 11
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 11
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 11
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 11
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 39
end
arch shallow_sea
x 12
end
arch shallow_sea
x 12
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 12
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 12
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 12
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 12
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 12
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 12
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 12
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 27
end
arch gryphon
x 12
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 12
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 12
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 39
end
arch shallow_sea
x 13
end
arch swamp
x 13
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 13
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 13
y 3
end
arch swamp
x 13
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 13
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 13
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 13
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 13
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 13
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 13
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 39
end
arch shallow_sea
x 14
end
arch swamp
x 14
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 14
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 14
y 3
end
arch deep_swamp
x 14
y 4
end
arch swamp
x 14
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 14
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 14
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 14
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 14
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 14
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 39
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 40
end
arch shallow_sea
x 15
end
arch swamp
x 15
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 15
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 15
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 15
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 15
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 15
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 15
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 15
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 15
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 15
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 40
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 16
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 6
end
arch evergreens
x 16
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 16
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 16
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 16
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 40
end
arch shallow_sea
x 17
end
arch deep_swamp
x 17
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 17
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 17
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 17
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 17
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 17
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 17
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 17
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 17
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 17
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 41
end
arch deep_swamp
x 18
end
arch deep_swamp
x 18
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 18
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 18
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 18
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 18
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 18
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 6
end
arch grassdark
x 18
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 18
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 18
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 18
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 41
end
arch swamp
x 19
end
arch swamp
x 19
y 1
end
arch swamp
x 19
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 19
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 19
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 19
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 19
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 19
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 19
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 19
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 19
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 41
end
arch shallow_sea
x 20
end
arch swamp
x 20
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 20
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 20
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 20
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 20
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 20
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 15
end
arch shadowpup
x 20
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 27
end
arch shadowpup
x 20
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 38
end
arch shadowtiger
x 20
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 20
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 20
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 43
end
arch shallow_sea
x 21
end
arch shallow_sea
x 21
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 21
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 21
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 21
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 21
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 21
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 21
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 21
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 21
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 43
end
arch shallow_sea
x 22
end
arch deep_swamp
x 22
y 1
end
arch deep_swamp
x 22
y 2
end
arch swamp
x 22
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 22
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 22
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 22
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 22
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 22
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 22
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 43
end
arch shallow_sea
x 23
end
arch deep_swamp
x 23
y 1
end
arch deep_swamp
x 23
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 23
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 23
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 23
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 23
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 23
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 8
end
arch shadowpup
x 23
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 23
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 23
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 43
end
arch shallow_sea
x 24
end
arch shallow_sea
x 24
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 24
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 24
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 24
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 24
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 24
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 24
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 26
end
arch shadowtiger
x 24
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 24
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 24
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 43
end
arch deep_swamp
x 25
end
arch shallow_sea
x 25
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 25
y 2
end
arch deep_swamp
x 25
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 25
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 25
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 25
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 25
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 29
end
arch shadowpup
x 25
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 33
end
arch gryphon
x 25
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 25
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 25
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 25
y 43
end
arch swamp
x 26
end
arch deep_swamp
x 26
end
arch swamp
x 26
y 1
end
arch deep_swamp
x 26
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 26
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 26
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 26
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 26
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 26
y 4
end
arch evergreens
x 26
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 26
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 26
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 26
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 63
end
arch deep_swamp
x 27
end
arch deep_swamp
x 27
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 27
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 27
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 27
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 27
y 3
end
arch evergreens
x 27
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 27
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 27
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 14
end
arch behemoth
x 27
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 27
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 27
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 64
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 65
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 66
end
arch swamp
x 28
end
arch swamp
x 28
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 28
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 28
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 28
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 28
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 28
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 28
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 60
end
arch shadowtiger
x 28
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 28
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 28
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 66
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 67
end
arch blocked
x 28
y 68
end
arch swamp
x 29
end
arch swamp
x 29
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 29
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 29
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 29
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 29
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 29
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 29
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 29
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 29
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 48
end
arch random_plant
x 29
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 54
end
arch shadowpup
x 29
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 29
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 29
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 29
y 68
end
arch swamp
x 30
end
arch shallow_sea
x 30
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 30
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 30
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 30
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 30
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 30
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 30
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 23
end
arch shadowpup
x 30
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 47
end
arch behemoth
x 30
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 66
end
arch random_plant
x 30
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 30
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 30
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 30
y 68
end
arch shallow_sea
x 31
end
arch shallow_sea
x 31
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 31
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 31
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 31
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 31
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 31
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 31
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 31
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 31
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 31
y 69
end
arch deep_swamp
x 32
end
arch deep_swamp
x 32
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 32
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 32
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 32
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 32
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 32
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 32
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 32
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 32
y 69
end
arch deep_swamp
x 33
end
arch swamp
x 33
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 33
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 33
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 33
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 33
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 33
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 30
end
arch behemoth
x 33
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 33
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 33
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 33
y 69
end
arch deep_swamp
x 34
end
arch shallow_sea
x 34
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 34
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 34
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 34
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 34
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 34
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 34
end
arch shadowpup
x 34
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 67
end
arch shadowpup
x 34
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 34
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 34
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 34
y 69
end
arch swamp
x 35
end
arch shallow_sea
x 35
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 35
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 35
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 35
y 2
end
arch evergreens
x 35
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 35
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 35
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 35
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 35
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 35
y 69
end
arch shallow_sea
x 36
end
arch shallow_sea
x 36
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 36
y 1
end
arch evergreens
x 36
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 36
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 36
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 36
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 36
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 36
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 36
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 49
end
arch gryphon
x 36
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 36
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 36
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 36
y 69
end
arch shallow_sea
x 37
end
arch shallow_sea
x 37
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 37
y 1
end
arch evergreens
x 37
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 37
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 37
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 31
end
arch shadowpup
x 37
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 37
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 37
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 37
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 56
end
arch unicorn
x 37
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 37
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 37
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 37
y 69
end
arch shallow_sea
x 38
end
arch shallow_sea
x 38
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 38
y 1
end
arch evergreens
x 38
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 38
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 38
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 39
end
arch shadowpup
x 38
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 41
end
arch random_plant
x 38
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 38
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 38
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 38
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 38
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 38
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 38
y 69
end
arch shallow_sea
x 39
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 39
end
arch shallow_sea
x 39
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 39
y 1
end
arch evergreens
x 39
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 39
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 39
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 39
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 39
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 61
end
arch behemoth
x 39
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 39
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 39
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 39
y 69
end
arch shallow_sea
x 40
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 40
end
arch evergreens
x 40
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 40
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 40
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 40
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 40
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 40
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 40
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 40
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 40
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 40
y 69
end
arch evergreens
x 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch evergreens
x 41
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 41
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 41
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 25
end
arch shadowpup
x 41
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 41
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 41
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 41
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 49
end
arch shadowpup
x 41
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 41
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 41
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 41
y 69
end
arch grassdark
x 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 42
end
arch grassdark
x 42
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 42
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 42
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 42
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 42
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 42
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 42
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 42
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 42
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 42
y 69
end
arch grassdark
x 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 43
end
arch grassdark
x 43
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 43
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 43
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 43
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 43
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 51
end
arch behemoth
x 43
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 66
end
arch random_plant
x 43
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 43
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 43
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 43
y 68
end
arch grassdark
x 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 44
end
arch grassdark
x 44
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 44
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 44
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 38
end
arch gryphon
x 44
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 44
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 44
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 61
end
arch shadowtiger
x 44
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 44
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 44
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 44
y 68
end
arch grassdark
x 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 45
end
arch grassdark
x 45
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 45
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 45
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 17
end
arch shadowtiger
x 45
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 27
end
arch behemoth
x 45
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 57
end
arch shadowpup
x 45
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 45
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 45
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 65
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 66
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 67
end
arch blocked
x 45
y 68
end
arch grassdark
x 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 46
end
arch grassdark
x 46
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 46
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 46
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 32
end
arch shadowpup
x 46
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 46
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 46
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 46
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 46
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 46
y 64
end
arch blocked
x 46
y 65
end
arch grassdark
x 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 47
end
arch grassdark
x 47
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 47
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 47
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 47
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 47
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 47
y 64
end
arch grassdark
x 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 48
end
arch grassdark
x 48
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 48
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 48
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 48
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 48
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 48
y 64
end
arch grassdark
x 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 49
end
arch grassdark
x 49
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 49
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 41
end
arch blackrock
x 49
y 42
end
arch blackrock
x 49
y 43
end
arch blackrock
x 49
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 49
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 49
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 49
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 49
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 49
y 64
end
arch grassdark
x 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 50
end
arch grassdark
x 50
y 1
end
arch evergreens
x 50
y 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 2
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 3
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 39
end
arch blackrock
x 50
y 40
end
arch blackrock
x 50
y 41
end
arch blackrock
x 50
y 42
end
arch beach
x 50
y 43
end
arch g_worm
x 50
y 43
end
arch blackrock
x 50
y 44
end
arch blackrock
x 50
y 45
end
arch blackrock
x 50
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 50
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 50
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 50
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 50
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 50
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 50
y 64
end
arch grassdark
x 51
end
arch evergreens
x 51
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 51
end
arch grassdark
x 51
y 1
end
arch evergreens
x 51
y 1
end
arch grassdark
x 51
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 39
end
arch blackrock
x 51
y 40
end
arch g_worm
x 51
y 40
end
arch beach
x 51
y 41
end
arch beach
x 51
y 42
end
arch beach
x 51
y 43
end
arch beach
x 51
y 44
end
arch beach
x 51
y 45
end
arch blackrock
x 51
y 46
end
arch blackrock
x 51
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 51
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 51
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 64
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 65
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 66
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 67
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 51
y 69
end
arch grassdark
x 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 52
end
arch grassdark
x 52
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 52
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 29
end
arch behemoth
x 52
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 38
end
arch blackrock
x 52
y 39
end
arch blackrock
x 52
y 40
end
arch beach
x 52
y 41
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 52
y 42
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave18
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 52
y 42
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 52
y 43
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 52
y 43
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 52
y 44
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave17
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 52
y 44
blocksview 0
end
arch beach
x 52
y 45
end
arch g_worm
x 52
y 45
end
arch beach
x 52
y 46
end
arch blackrock
x 52
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 52
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 52
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 52
y 72
end
arch grassdark
x 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 53
end
arch grassdark
x 53
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 53
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 38
end
arch blackrock
x 53
y 39
end
arch g_worm
x 53
y 39
end
arch beach
x 53
y 40
end
arch beach
x 53
y 41
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 53
y 42
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave4
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 53
y 42
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 53
y 43
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 53
y 44
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 53
y 44
blocksview 0
end
arch beach
x 53
y 45
end
arch beach
x 53
y 46
end
arch blackrock
x 53
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 67
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 53
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 53
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 53
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 53
y 73
end
arch grassdark
x 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 54
end
arch grassdark
x 54
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 54
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 54
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 54
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 38
end
arch blackrock
x 54
y 39
end
arch beach
x 54
y 40
end
arch beach
x 54
y 41
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 54
y 42
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave19
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 54
y 42
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 54
y 43
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 54
y 43
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 54
y 44
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave20
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 54
y 44
blocksview 0
end
arch beach
x 54
y 45
end
arch blackrock
x 54
y 46
end
arch blackrock
x 54
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 54
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 54
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 54
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 54
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 54
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 54
y 74
end
arch grassdark
x 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 55
end
arch grassdark
x 55
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 55
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 19
end
arch shadowpup
x 55
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 38
end
arch blackrock
x 55
y 39
end
arch beach
x 55
y 40
end
arch g_worm
x 55
y 40
end
arch beach
x 55
y 41
end
arch beach
x 55
y 42
end
arch g_worm
x 55
y 42
end
arch beach
x 55
y 43
end
arch beach
x 55
y 44
end
arch beach
x 55
y 45
end
arch g_worm
x 55
y 45
end
arch blackrock
x 55
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 55
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 55
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 55
y 74
end
arch grassdark
x 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 56
end
arch grassdark
x 56
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 56
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 4
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 5
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 6
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 7
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 8
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 9
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 38
end
arch blackrock
x 56
y 39
end
arch blackrock
x 56
y 40
end
arch blackrock
x 56
y 41
end
arch beach
x 56
y 42
end
arch beach
x 56
y 43
end
arch beach
x 56
y 44
end
arch beach
x 56
y 45
end
arch blackrock
x 56
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 72
end
arch random_plant
x 56
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 56
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 56
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 56
y 75
end
arch grassdark
x 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 57
end
arch grassdark
x 57
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 57
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 8
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 8
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 9
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 9
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 10
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 10
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 25
end
arch random_plant
x 57
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 40
end
arch blackrock
x 57
y 41
end
arch blackrock
x 57
y 42
end
arch blackrock
x 57
y 43
end
arch blackrock
x 57
y 44
end
arch blackrock
x 57
y 45
end
arch blackrock
x 57
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 57
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 57
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 57
y 75
end
arch grassdark
x 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 58
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 2
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 2
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 3
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 3
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 4
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 4
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 5
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 5
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 6
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 6
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 7
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 7
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 8
end
arch cave15
x 58
y 8
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 9
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 9
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 10
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 10
end
arch grassdark
x 58
y 11
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 12
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 13
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 14
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 15
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 16
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 17
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 18
end
arch cave1
x 58
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 28
end
arch shadowpup
x 58
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 67
end
arch behemoth
x 58
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 58
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 58
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 75
end
arch blocked
x 58
y 76
end
arch grassdark
x 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 59
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 2
end
arch cave15
x 59
y 2
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 3
end
arch cave1
x 59
y 3
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 4
end
arch cave1
x 59
y 4
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 5
end
arch cave1
x 59
y 5
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 6
end
arch cave1
x 59
y 6
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 7
end
arch cave1
x 59
y 7
end
arch grassdark
x 59
y 8
end
arch cave20
x 59
y 8
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 9
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 10
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 11
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 12
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 13
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 15
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 16
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 17
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 18
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 59
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 28
end
arch shadowpup
x 59
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 59
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 59
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 59
y 76
end
arch grassdark
x 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 60
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 1
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 1
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 2
end
arch cave16
x 60
y 2
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 3
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 3
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 4
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 4
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 5
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 5
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 6
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 6
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 7
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 7
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 8
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 8
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 9
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 9
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 10
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 10
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 11
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 11
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 12
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 12
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 13
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 13
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 14
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 14
end
arch grassdark
x 60
y 15
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 15
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 60
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave4
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 60
y 16
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 16
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 60
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
x 60
y 17
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 60
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave17
x 60
y 18
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 60
y 19
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 60
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 60
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 30
end
arch shadowtiger
x 60
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 38
end
arch random_plant
x 60
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 59
end
arch random_plant
x 60
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 74
end
arch panther
x 60
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 60
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 60
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 60
y 76
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 61
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 11
end
arch shallow_sea
x 61
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave18
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 61
y 13
blocksview 0
end
arch river_nw-se
x 61
y 13
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 61
y 14
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 61
y 15
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave13
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 61
y 16
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave16
x 61
y 18
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
x 61
y 19
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 61
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave17
x 61
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 61
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 61
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 61
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 61
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 61
y 76
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 62
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 62
y 11
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 12
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave18
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 62
y 12
blocksview 0
end
arch river_nw-se
x 62
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave13
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 62
y 13
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch fog
x 62
y 17
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave16
x 62
y 20
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 62
y 21
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave17
x 62
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 62
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 60
end
arch shadowtiger
x 62
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 62
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 62
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 77
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 78
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 79
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 80
end
arch blocked
x 62
y 81
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 63
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 63
y 11
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 12
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave4
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 63
y 12
blocksview 0
end
arch river_n-s
x 63
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 63
y 21
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave2
x 63
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 63
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 77
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 77
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 63
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 63
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 81
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 82
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 83
end
arch blocked
x 63
y 84
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 64
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 64
y 11
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 12
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave4
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 64
y 12
blocksview 0
end
arch river_n-s
x 64
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 64
y 21
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave2
x 64
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 64
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 77
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 77
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 64
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 64
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 84
end
arch blocked
x 64
y 85
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 65
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 65
y 11
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 12
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave4
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 65
y 12
blocksview 0
end
arch river_n-s
x 65
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch fog
x 65
y 14
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch fog
x 65
y 19
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 65
y 21
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave2
x 65
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 65
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 71
end
arch shadowtiger
x 65
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 77
end
arch random_plant
x 65
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 65
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 65
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 85
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 86
end
arch blocked
x 65
y 87
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 66
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 66
y 11
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 12
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave19
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 66
y 12
blocksview 0
end
arch river_sw-n
x 66
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave14
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 66
y 13
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave15
x 66
y 20
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 66
y 21
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave20
x 66
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 66
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 66
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 66
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 77
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 77
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 66
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 66
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 66
y 87
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 1
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 2
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 3
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 4
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 5
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 6
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 7
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 8
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 9
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 10
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 67
y 11
end
arch shallow_sea
x 67
y 12
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 13
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave19
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 67
y 13
blocksview 0
end
arch river_sw-n
x 67
y 13
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 14
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 67
y 14
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 15
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 67
y 15
blocksview 0
end
arch cave15
x 67
y 15
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave14
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 67
y 16
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave15
x 67
y 18
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 19
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
x 67
y 19
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 67
y 20
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave20
x 67
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 67
y 21
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 67
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 42
end
arch random_plant
x 67
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 67
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 67
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 87
end
arch blocked
x 67
y 88
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 1
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 2
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 3
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 4
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 5
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 5
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 6
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 6
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 7
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 7
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 8
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 8
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 9
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 9
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 10
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 10
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 68
y 11
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 11
blocksview 0
end
arch grassdark
x 68
y 12
end
arch cave1
x 68
y 12
end
arch cave15
x 68
y 12
end
arch grassdark
x 68
y 13
end
arch cave1
x 68
y 13
end
arch grassdark
x 68
y 14
end
arch cave1
x 68
y 14
end
arch grassdark
x 68
y 15
end
arch cave20
x 68
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 68
y 16
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 68
y 16
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 16
blocksview 0
end
arch cave4
x 68
y 16
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 68
y 17
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 68
y 17
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 17
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 68
y 18
end
arch blocked
name nothing
name_pl nothing
x 68
y 18
no_pass 0
blocksview 0
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 68
y 18
blocksview 0
end
arch cave2
x 68
y 18
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 68
y 19
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 68
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 68
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 27
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 30
end
arch behemoth
x 68
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 63
end
arch behemoth
x 68
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 77
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 68
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 68
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 68
y 88
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 1
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 2
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 3
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 4
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 5
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 5
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 6
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 6
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 7
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 7
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 8
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 8
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 9
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 9
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 10
end
arch cave1
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 69
y 10
blocksview 0
end
arch cave15
x 69
y 10
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 11
end
arch cave1
x 69
y 11
end
arch grassmedium
x 69
y 12
end
arch cave20
x 69
y 12
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 69
y 13
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 69
y 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 69
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 16
end
arch cave4
x 69
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 17
end
arch random_plant
x 69
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 18
end
arch cave2
x 69
y 18
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 69
y 19
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 69
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 69
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 24
end
arch random_plant
x 69
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 39
end
arch behemoth
x 69
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 73
end
arch random_plant
x 69
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 78
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 79
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 69
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 69
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 69
y 88
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
end
arch cave1
x 70
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 1
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 1
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 2
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 2
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 3
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 3
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 4
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 4
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 5
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 5
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 6
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 6
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 7
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 7
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 8
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 8
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 9
end
arch cave1
x 70
y 9
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 70
y 10
end
arch cave20
x 70
y 10
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 70
y 11
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 70
y 12
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 70
y 13
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 70
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 16
end
arch cave4
x 70
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 18
end
arch cave16
x 70
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 19
end
arch cave17
x 70
y 19
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 70
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 70
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 75
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 80
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 70
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 70
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 88
end
arch blocked
x 70
y 89
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 1
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 2
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 3
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 4
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 5
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 6
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 7
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 8
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 9
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 10
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 11
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 16
end
arch cave4
x 71
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 19
end
arch cave16
x 71
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 20
end
arch cave3
x 71
y 20
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 71
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 75
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 81
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 71
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 71
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 71
y 89
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 72
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 72
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 72
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 16
end
arch cave4
x 72
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 82
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 72
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 72
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 72
y 89
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 73
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 73
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 73
y 14
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 73
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 16
end
arch cave4
x 73
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 27
end
arch behemoth
x 73
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 81
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 82
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 73
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 73
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 73
y 89
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 74
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 74
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 74
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 15
end
arch cave3
x 74
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 16
end
arch cave13
x 74
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 36
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 80
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 74
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 74
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 89
end
arch blocked
x 74
y 90
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 75
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 75
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 13
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 75
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 79
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 84
end
arch random_plant
x 75
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 75
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 75
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 75
y 90
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 76
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 76
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 17
end
arch random_plant
x 76
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 22
end
arch behemoth
x 76
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 37
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 78
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 76
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 76
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 76
y 90
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 77
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 77
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 29
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 77
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 77
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 77
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 90
end
arch blocked
x 77
y 91
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 78
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 78
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 29
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 39
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 80
end
arch panther
x 78
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 83
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 78
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 78
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 78
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 78
y 91
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 79
end
arch blocked
msg
endmsg
x 79
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 44
end
arch shadowtiger
x 79
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 66
end
arch shadowtiger
x 79
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 81
end
arch shadowtiger
x 79
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 88
end
arch shadowtiger
x 79
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 79
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 79
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 79
y 91
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 80
end
arch cave3
x 80
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 80
y 1
end
arch cave3
x 80
y 1
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 80
y 2
end
arch cave3
x 80
y 2
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 80
y 3
end
arch cave3
x 80
y 3
end
arch grass_br_gr
x 80
y 4
end
arch cave17
x 80
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 56
end
arch shadowtiger
x 80
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 75
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 77
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 77
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 80
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 80
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 80
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 81
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 81
end
arch cave3
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 81
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 81
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cave3
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cave17
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 81
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 81
y 3
end
arch grassmedium
x 81
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 81
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 77
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 77
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 78
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 81
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 81
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 81
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 81
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 82
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 82
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 82
end
arch grassmedium
x 82
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 82
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 82
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 82
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cave16
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 82
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 82
y 3
end
arch cave17
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 82
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 82
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 82
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 13
end
arch random_plant
x 82
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 22
end
arch gryphon
x 82
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 29
end
arch random_plant
x 82
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 86
end
arch behemoth
x 82
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 82
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 82
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 82
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 83
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 83
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 83
end
arch grassmedium
x 83
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 83
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 83
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 83
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 83
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 83
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 83
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 83
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 83
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 83
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 83
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 84
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 84
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 84
end
arch grassmedium
x 84
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 84
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 84
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 84
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 84
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 84
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 84
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 84
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 12
end
arch behemoth
x 84
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 17
end
arch shadowtiger
x 84
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 48
end
arch behemoth
x 84
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 62
end
arch shadowtiger
x 84
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 84
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 84
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 84
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 85
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 85
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 85
end
arch grassmedium
x 85
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 85
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 85
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 85
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 85
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 85
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 85
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 85
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 83
end
arch gryphon
x 85
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 85
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 85
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 85
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 86
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 86
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 86
end
arch grassmedium
x 86
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 86
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 86
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 86
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 86
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 86
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 86
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 86
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 10
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 11
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 11
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 37
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 39
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 65
end
arch behemoth
x 86
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 86
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 86
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 86
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 87
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 87
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 87
end
arch grassmedium
x 87
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 87
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 87
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 87
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 87
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 87
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 87
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 87
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 5
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 87
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 11
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 12
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 12
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 77
end
arch behemoth
x 87
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 89
end
arch random_plant
x 87
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 87
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 87
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 87
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 88
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 88
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 88
end
arch grassmedium
x 88
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 88
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 88
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 88
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 88
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 88
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 88
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 88
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 30
end
arch random_plant
x 88
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 39
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 88
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 40
end
arch behemoth
x 88
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 52
end
arch behemoth
x 88
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 58
end
arch panther
x 88
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 75
end
arch panther
x 88
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 88
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 88
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 88
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 89
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 89
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 89
end
arch grassmedium
x 89
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 89
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 89
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 89
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 89
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 89
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 89
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 89
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 27
end
arch shadowtiger
x 89
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 69
end
arch shadowtiger
x 89
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 81
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 89
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 84
end
arch behemoth
x 89
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 89
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 89
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 89
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 90
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 90
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 90
end
arch grassmedium
x 90
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 90
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 90
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 90
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 90
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 90
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 90
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 90
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 37
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 56
end
arch random_plant
x 90
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 64
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 65
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 90
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 90
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 90
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 91
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 91
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 91
end
arch grassmedium
x 91
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 91
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 91
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 91
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 91
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 91
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 91
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 91
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 66
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 91
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 91
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 91
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 92
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 92
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 92
end
arch grassmedium
x 92
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 92
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 92
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 92
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 92
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 92
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 92
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 92
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 18
end
arch gryphon
x 92
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 29
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 49
end
arch shadowtiger
x 92
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 55
end
arch panther
x 92
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 67
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 92
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 92
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 92
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 93
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 93
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 93
end
arch grassmedium
x 93
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 93
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 93
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 93
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 93
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 93
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 93
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 93
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 26
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 27
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 28
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 29
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 37
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 93
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 93
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 93
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 94
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 94
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 94
end
arch grassmedium
x 94
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 94
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 94
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 94
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 94
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 94
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 94
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 94
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 26
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 36
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 77
end
arch random_plant
x 94
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 78
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 94
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 89
end
arch darkforest
x 94
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 94
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 94
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 95
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 95
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 95
end
arch grassmedium
x 95
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 95
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 95
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 95
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 95
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 95
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 95
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 95
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 26
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 79
end
arch shadowtiger
x 95
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 95
y 90
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 95
y 90
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 95
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 96
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 96
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 96
end
arch grassmedium
x 96
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 96
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 96
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 96
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 96
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 96
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 96
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 96
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 33
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 96
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 96
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 96
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 90
end
arch blocked
x 96
y 91
end
arch dirtfloor
x 97
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 97
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 97
end
arch grassmedium
x 97
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 97
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 97
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 97
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 97
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 97
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 97
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 97
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 29
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 82
end
arch behemoth
x 97
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 97
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 97
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 97
y 90
end
arch dirtfloor
x 98
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 98
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 98
end
arch grassmedium
x 98
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 98
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 98
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 98
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 98
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 98
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 98
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 98
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 88
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 98
y 88
end
arch darkforest
x 98
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 98
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 98
y 90
end
arch dirtfloor
x 99
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 99
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 99
end
arch grassmedium
x 99
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 99
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 99
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 99
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 99
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 99
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 99
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 99
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 18
end
arch random_plant
x 99
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 31
end
arch random_plant
x 99
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 37
end
arch shadowtiger
x 99
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 84
end
arch shadowtiger
x 99
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 99
y 89
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 99
y 89
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 99
y 90
end
arch dirtfloor
x 100
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 100
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 100
end
arch grassmedium
x 100
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 100
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 100
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 100
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 100
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 100
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 100
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 100
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 28
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 31
end
arch behemoth
x 100
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 85
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 86
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 87
end
arch darkforest
x 100
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 100
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 89
end
arch blocked
x 100
y 90
end
arch dirtfloor
x 101
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 101
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 101
end
arch grassmedium
x 101
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 101
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 101
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 101
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 101
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 101
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 101
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 101
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 27
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 73
end
arch panther
x 101
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 83
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 84
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 86
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 86
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 87
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 87
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 101
y 88
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 101
y 88
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 101
y 89
end
arch dirtfloor
x 102
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 102
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 102
end
arch grassmedium
x 102
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 102
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 102
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 102
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 102
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 102
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 102
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 102
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 17
end
arch shadowtiger
x 102
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 26
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 38
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 73
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 74
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 75
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 76
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 77
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 78
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 79
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 80
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 81
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 82
end
arch random_plant
x 102
y 82
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 84
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 84
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 102
y 85
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 102
y 85
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 86
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 87
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 88
end
arch blocked
x 102
y 89
end
arch dirtfloor
x 103
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 103
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 103
end
arch grassmedium
x 103
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 103
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 103
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 103
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 103
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 103
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 103
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 103
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 39
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 39
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 43
end
arch shadowtiger
x 103
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 64
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 65
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 66
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 67
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 75
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 75
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 76
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 76
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 77
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 77
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 78
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 78
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 79
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 79
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 80
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 80
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 81
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 81
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 82
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 82
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 103
y 83
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 103
y 83
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 84
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 85
end
arch blocked
x 103
y 86
end
arch dirtfloor
x 104
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 104
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 104
end
arch grassmedium
x 104
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 104
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 104
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 104
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 104
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 104
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 104
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 104
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 19
end
arch panther
x 104
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 31
end
arch behemoth
x 104
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 37
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 39
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 40
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 40
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 42
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 46
end
arch panther
x 104
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 59
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 104
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 70
end
arch random_plant
x 104
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 72
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 104
y 74
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 104
y 74
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 75
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 76
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 77
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 78
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 79
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 80
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 81
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 82
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 83
end
arch blocked
x 104
y 84
end
arch dirtfloor
x 105
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 105
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 105
end
arch grassmedium
x 105
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 105
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 105
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 105
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 105
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 105
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 105
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 105
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 14
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 105
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 27
end
arch shadowtiger
x 105
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 35
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 36
end
arch random_plant
x 105
y 36
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 38
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 38
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 39
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 40
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 41
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 41
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 63
end
arch random_plant
x 105
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 71
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 105
y 73
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 105
y 73
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 74
end
arch blocked
x 105
y 75
end
arch dirtfloor
x 106
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 106
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 106
end
arch grassmedium
x 106
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 106
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 106
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 106
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 106
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 106
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 106
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 106
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 21
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 106
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 25
end
arch panther
x 106
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 34
end
arch panther
x 106
y 34
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 36
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 36
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 37
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 37
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 39
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 40
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 41
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 42
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 42
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 43
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 43
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 45
end
arch random_plant
x 106
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 56
end
arch shadowtiger
x 106
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 68
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 69
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 70
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 106
y 72
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 106
y 72
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 73
end
arch blocked
x 106
y 74
end
arch dirtfloor
x 107
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 107
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 107
end
arch grassmedium
x 107
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 107
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 107
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 107
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 107
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 107
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 107
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 107
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 14
end
arch shadowtiger
x 107
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 20
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 21
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 22
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 23
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 24
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 26
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 33
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 35
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 35
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 36
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 37
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 38
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 41
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 42
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 43
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 44
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 44
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 46
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 69
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 69
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 70
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 70
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 107
y 71
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 107
y 71
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 72
end
arch blocked
x 107
y 73
end
arch dirtfloor
x 108
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 108
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 108
end
arch grassmedium
x 108
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 108
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 108
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 108
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 108
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 108
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 108
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 108
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 14
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 19
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 21
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 21
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 22
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 22
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 23
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 23
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 24
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 24
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 25
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 25
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 34
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 34
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 36
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 43
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 44
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 45
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 45
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 47
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 48
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 54
end
arch random_plant
x 108
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 63
end
arch shadowtiger
x 108
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 108
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 108
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 69
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 70
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 71
end
arch blocked
x 108
y 72
end
arch dirtfloor
x 109
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 109
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 109
end
arch grassmedium
x 109
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 109
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 109
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 109
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 109
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 109
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 109
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 109
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 12
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 13
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 13
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 17
end
arch behemoth
x 109
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 20
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 20
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 27
end
arch random_plant
x 109
y 27
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 28
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 30
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 32
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 35
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 44
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 45
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 46
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 46
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 47
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 47
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 48
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 48
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 49
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 49
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 52
end
arch panther
x 109
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 66
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 67
end
arch darkforest
x 109
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 109
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 109
y 69
end
arch dirtfloor
x 110
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 110
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 110
end
arch grassmedium
x 110
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 110
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 110
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 110
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 110
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 110
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 110
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 110
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 15
end
arch random_plant
x 110
y 15
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 16
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 17
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 18
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 25
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 26
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 26
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 27
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 27
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 28
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 28
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 29
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 29
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 31
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 110
y 31
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 33
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 33
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 45
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 46
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 47
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 48
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 49
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 50
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 50
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 65
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 67
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 67
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 110
y 68
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 110
y 68
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 110
y 69
end
arch dirtfloor
x 111
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 111
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 111
end
arch grassmedium
x 111
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 111
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 111
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 111
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 111
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 111
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 111
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 111
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 13
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 14
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 14
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 15
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 15
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 16
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 16
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 17
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 17
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 18
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 18
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 19
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 19
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 26
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 27
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 28
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 29
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 30
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 30
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 31
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 31
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 32
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 32
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 34
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 49
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 111
y 66
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 111
y 66
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 67
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 68
end
arch blocked
x 111
y 69
end
arch dirtfloor
x 112
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 112
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 112
end
arch grassmedium
x 112
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 112
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 112
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 112
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 112
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 112
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 112
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 112
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 29
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 30
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 31
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 32
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 33
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 52
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 112
y 52
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 63
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 64
end
arch chole_1
name ladder going down
name_pl ladder going down
slaying /!
msg
layoutstyle maze
darkness 3
floorstyle dirt
wallstyle MLABGMINE
exitstyle ladder
decorstyle MLABTINORE
dungeon_depth 5
orientation 1

endmsg
face ladder2_do.111
x 112
y 64
end
arch darkforest
x 112
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 112
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 66
end
arch blocked
x 112
y 67
end
arch dirtfloor
x 113
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 113
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 113
end
arch grassmedium
x 113
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 113
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 113
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 113
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 113
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 113
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 113
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 113
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 113
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 113
y 50
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 51
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 51
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 61
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 62
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 64
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 64
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 113
y 65
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 113
y 65
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 113
y 66
end
arch dirtfloor
x 114
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 114
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 114
end
arch grassmedium
x 114
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 114
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 114
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 114
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 114
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 114
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 114
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 114
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 114
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 114
y 50
end
arch blocked
x 114
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 54
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 60
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 62
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 62
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 114
y 63
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 114
y 63
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 114
y 64
end
arch blocked
x 114
y 65
end
arch blocked
x 114
y 66
end
arch dirtfloor
x 115
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 115
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 115
end
arch grassmedium
x 115
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 115
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 115
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 115
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 115
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 115
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 115
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 115
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 115
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 115
y 51
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 52
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 115
y 52
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 53
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 115
y 53
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 115
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 55
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 56
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 57
end
arch panther
x 115
y 57
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 58
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 59
end
arch random_plant
x 115
y 59
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 115
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 115
y 61
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 115
y 61
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 115
y 62
end
arch blocked
x 115
y 63
end
arch blocked
x 115
y 64
end
arch dirtfloor
x 116
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 116
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 116
end
arch grassmedium
x 116
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 116
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 116
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 116
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 116
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 116
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 116
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 116
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 116
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 116
y 51
end
arch blocked
x 116
y 52
end
arch blocked
x 116
y 53
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 54
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 54
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 55
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 55
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 56
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 56
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 57
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 57
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 58
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 58
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 59
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 59
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch darkforest
x 116
y 60
end
arch tree5
name large dark pine
name_pl stout pine
x 116
y 60
no_pass 1
blocksview 1
end
arch blocked
x 116
y 61
end
arch blocked
x 116
y 62
end
arch dirtfloor
x 117
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 117
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 117
end
arch grassmedium
x 117
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 117
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 117
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 117
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 117
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 117
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 117
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 117
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 53
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 54
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 55
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 56
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 57
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 58
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 59
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 60
end
arch blocked
x 117
y 61
end
arch dirtfloor
x 118
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 118
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 118
end
arch grassmedium
x 118
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 118
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 118
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 118
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 118
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 118
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 118
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 118
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 118
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 119
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 119
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 119
end
arch grassmedium
x 119
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 119
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 119
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 119
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 119
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 119
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 119
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 119
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 119
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 120
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 120
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 120
end
arch grassmedium
x 120
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 120
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 120
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 120
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 120
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 120
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 120
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 120
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 120
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 121
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 121
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 121
end
arch grassmedium
x 121
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 121
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 121
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 121
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 121
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 121
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 121
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 121
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 121
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 122
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 122
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 122
end
arch grassmedium
x 122
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 122
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 122
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 122
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 122
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 122
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 122
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 122
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 122
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 123
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 123
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 123
end
arch grassmedium
x 123
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 123
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 123
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 123
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 123
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 123
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 123
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 123
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 123
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 124
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 124
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 124
end
arch grassmedium
x 124
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 124
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 124
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 124
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 124
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 124
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 124
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 124
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 124
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 125
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 125
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 125
end
arch grassmedium
x 125
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 125
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 125
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 125
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 125
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 125
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 125
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 125
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 125
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 126
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 126
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 126
end
arch grassmedium
x 126
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 126
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 126
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 126
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 126
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 126
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 126
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 126
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 126
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 127
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 127
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 127
end
arch grassmedium
x 127
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 127
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 127
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 127
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 127
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 127
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 127
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 127
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 127
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 128
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 128
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 128
end
arch grassmedium
x 128
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 128
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 128
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 128
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 128
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 128
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 128
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 128
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 128
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 129
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 129
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 129
end
arch grassmedium
x 129
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 129
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 129
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 129
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 129
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 129
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 129
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 129
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 129
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 130
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 130
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 130
end
arch grassmedium
x 130
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 130
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 130
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 130
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 130
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 130
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 130
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 130
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 130
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 131
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 131
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 131
end
arch grassmedium
x 131
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 131
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 131
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 131
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 131
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 131
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 131
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 131
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 131
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 132
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 132
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 132
end
arch grassmedium
x 132
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 132
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 132
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 132
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 132
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 132
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 132
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 132
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 132
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 133
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 133
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 133
end
arch grassmedium
x 133
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 133
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 133
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 133
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 133
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 133
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 133
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 133
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 133
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 134
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 134
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 134
end
arch grassmedium
x 134
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 134
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 134
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 134
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 134
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 134
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 134
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 134
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 134
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 135
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 135
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 135
end
arch grassmedium
x 135
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 135
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 135
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 135
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 135
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 135
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 135
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 135
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 135
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 136
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 136
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 136
end
arch grassmedium
x 136
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 136
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 136
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 136
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 136
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 136
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 136
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 136
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 136
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 137
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 137
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 137
end
arch grassmedium
x 137
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 137
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 137
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 137
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 137
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 137
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 137
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 137
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 137
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 138
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 138
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 138
end
arch grassmedium
x 138
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 138
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 138
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 138
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 138
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 138
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 138
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 138
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 138
y 5
end
arch dirtfloor
x 139
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 139
blocksview 0
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 139
end
arch grassmedium
x 139
y 1
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 139
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 139
y 2
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 139
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 139
y 3
end
arch cave2
name mountain top
name_pl mountain top
x 139
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch grassmedium
x 139
y 4
end
arch cave2
x 139
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 139
y 5
end
