arch map
difficulty 1
width 32
height 32
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
outdoor 1
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_2
x 4
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 5
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 6
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 7
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 8
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 9
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 10
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 11
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 12
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 13
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 14
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 15
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 16
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 17
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 18
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 19
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 20
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 21
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 22
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 4
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 4
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 5
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 6
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 7
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 8
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 9
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 10
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 11
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 12
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_1_1
x 13
y 21
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 13
y 22
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 13
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 13
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 14
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 14
y 20
connected 1
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 14
y 20
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 14
y 21
end
arch mdoor_closed_2
x 14
y 21
connected 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying cwdctownhauskey4
x 14
y 22
connected 1
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 14
y 22
end
arch invis_exit
slaying cloudworlddecity
hp 88
sp 100
x 14
y 23
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 14
y 23
end
arch door_2
x 14
y 23
no_pass 0
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 15
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 15
y 20
connected 1
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 15
y 20
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 15
y 21
end
arch mdoor_closed_2
x 15
y 21
connected 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying cwdctownhauskey4
x 15
y 22
connected 1
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 15
y 22
end
arch invis_exit
slaying cloudworlddecity
hp 88
sp 100
x 15
y 23
end
arch flagstone
name nosave flagstone
name_pl nosave flagstone
x 15
y 23
end
arch door_2
x 15
y 23
no_pass 0
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 16
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_1_1
x 16
y 21
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 16
y 22
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 16
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_1
x 16
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 17
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 17
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 17
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 18
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 19
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 20
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 20
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 20
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 21
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 21
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 21
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 22
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 22
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 22
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 22
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 23
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch stair_3_up
slaying cwdctownhaus4lvl2
hp 23
sp 21
x 23
y 21
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 23
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 23
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 23
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 24
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 24
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_2
x 24
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 24
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 25
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 25
y 3
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_3
x 25
y 4
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 5
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 6
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 7
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 8
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 9
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 10
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 11
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 12
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 13
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 14
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 15
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 16
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 17
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 18
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 19
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 20
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 21
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_1_1
x 25
y 22
end
arch flagstone
name buildable flagstone
name_pl buildable flagstone
x 25
y 23
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dwall_2_2_4
x 25
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 25
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 25
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 26
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 27
y 25
end
