arch map
difficulty 1
region stbartholomew
width 50
height 48
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Mikeeusa
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Aug  3 23:32:57 2004
endmsg
outdoor 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
end
arch blocked
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 1
end
arch blocked
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 2
end
arch blocked
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 3
end
arch blocked
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 4
end
arch blocked
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 5
end
arch blocked
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 6
end
arch blocked
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 7
end
arch blocked
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 8
end
arch blocked
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 9
end
arch blocked
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 10
end
arch blocked
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 11
end
arch blocked
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 12
end
arch blocked
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 13
end
arch blocked
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 14
end
arch blocked
y 14
end
arch blocked
y 15
end
arch blocked
y 16
end
arch blocked
y 17
end
arch blocked
y 18
end
arch blocked
y 19
end
arch blocked
y 20
end
arch blocked
y 21
end
arch blocked
y 22
end
arch blocked
y 23
end
arch blocked
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 1
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 1
y 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 3
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 16
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 17
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 18
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 18
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 19
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 20
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 22
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 1
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 1
y 23
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 1
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
end
arch blocked
x 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 2
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 2
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 2
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
end
arch blocked
x 3
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 3
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 3
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 3
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
end
arch blocked
x 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 4
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 4
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
end
arch blocked
x 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 5
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 5
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
end
arch blocked
x 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 6
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 6
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
end
arch blocked
x 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 7
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 7
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
end
arch blocked
x 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 8
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 8
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
end
arch blocked
x 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 9
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 9
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
end
arch blocked
x 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 10
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 10
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
end
arch blocked
x 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 11
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 11
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
end
arch blocked
x 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 12
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 12
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
end
arch blocked
x 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 13
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 13
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
end
arch blocked
x 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 2
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 3
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 4
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 5
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 6
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 7
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 8
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 9
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 10
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 11
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 12
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 13
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 14
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 15
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 16
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 17
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 18
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 19
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 20
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 21
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch woodfloor
name buildable woodfloor
name_pl buildable woodfloor
x 14
y 22
unique 1
is_buildable 1
end
arch stair_3_down
slaying /mlab/mountpermapartment
hp 14
sp 22
x 14
y 22
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 14
y 23
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
end
arch blocked
x 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 1
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 15
y 1
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 3
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 4
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 5
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 6
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 7
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 8
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 9
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 10
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 12
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 13
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 14
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 15
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 16
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 16
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 17
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 17
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 18
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 18
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 19
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 19
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 20
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 20
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 21
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 22
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 22
end
arch dungeon_floor
x 15
y 23
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 15
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
end
arch blocked
x 16
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 24
end
