arch map
difficulty 16
width 16
height 16
enter_x 1
enter_y 1
msg
Creator: Gnat the Gnu
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Sat Aug 23 18:00:27 2003
endmsg
end
arch dwarf
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
y 4
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
y 5
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
y 9
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
y 10
end
arch small_troll
y 11
end
arch small_troll
y 12
end
arch small_troll
y 13
end
arch goblin
y 14
end
arch goblin
y 15
end
arch dwarf
x 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 1
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 1
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 1
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 1
y 4
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 1
y 5
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 1
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 1
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 1
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 1
y 9
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 1
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 1
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 1
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 1
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 1
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 1
y 15
end
arch dwarf
x 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 2
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 2
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 2
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 2
y 4
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 2
y 5
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 2
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 2
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 2
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 2
y 9
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 2
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 2
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 2
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 2
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 15
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 1
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 2
end
arch dwarf
x 3
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 3
y 4
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf
x 3
y 5
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 9
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 3
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 3
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 3
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 3
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 15
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 4
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 4
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 2
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 3
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 4
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 5
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 9
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 4
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 4
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 4
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 4
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 4
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 4
y 15
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 5
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 5
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 2
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 3
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 4
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 5
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 9
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 5
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 5
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 5
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 5
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 15
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 6
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 6
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 2
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 3
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 4
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 5
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 9
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 6
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 6
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 6
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 6
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 6
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 6
y 15
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 7
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 7
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 2
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 3
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 4
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 5
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 6
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 7
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 8
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 9
end
arch lesser_dwarven_guard
x 7
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 7
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 7
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 7
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 7
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 7
y 15
end
arch troll
x 8
end
arch troll
x 8
y 2
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 8
y 6
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 8
y 7
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 8
y 8
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 8
y 9
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 8
y 10
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 8
y 11
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 8
y 12
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 8
y 13
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 8
y 14
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 8
y 15
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 9
y 6
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 9
y 7
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 9
y 8
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 9
y 9
end
arch greater_dwarven_guard
x 9
y 10
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 9
y 11
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 9
y 12
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 9
y 13
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 9
y 14
end
arch goblin_leader_arc
x 9
y 15
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 10
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 10
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 10
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 10
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch troll
x 10
y 4
end
arch troll
x 10
y 6
end
arch small_troll
x 10
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 10
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 10
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 10
y 14
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 11
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 11
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 11
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 11
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch small_troll
x 11
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 11
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 11
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 11
y 14
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 12
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 12
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 12
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 12
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch troll
x 12
y 4
end
arch troll
x 12
y 6
end
arch earth_witch
x 12
y 10
end
arch small_troll
x 12
y 11
end
arch small_troll
x 12
y 12
end
arch small_troll
x 12
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 12
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 12
y 15
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 13
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 13
y 1
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_priest
x 13
y 2
unaggressive 0
end
arch dwarf_wiz
x 13
y 3
unaggressive 0
end
arch earth_witch
x 13
y 10
end
arch goblin
x 13
y 11
end
arch goblin
x 13
y 12
end
arch goblin
x 13
y 13
end
arch goblin
x 13
y 14
end
arch goblin
x 13
y 15
end
arch kobold
x 14
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 1
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 2
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 3
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 4
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 5
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 6
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 7
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 8
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 9
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 10
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 11
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 12
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 13
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 14
end
arch kobold
x 14
y 15
end
arch goblin
x 14
y 15
end
arch kobold
x 15
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 1
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 2
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 3
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 4
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 5
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 6
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 7
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 8
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 9
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 10
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 11
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 12
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 13
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 14
end
arch kobold
x 15
y 15
end
