arch map
region pupland
name p1
msg
Creator: Gnat the Gnu
Email: gnu@foo.bar
Date: Tue Feb 13 17:53:35 1996
endmsg
x 11
y 18
end
arch grass
end
arch grass
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_2_2
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
y 3
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
y 4
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
y 5
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
y 6
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
y 7
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
y 8
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
y 9
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
y 11
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
y 12
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
y 13
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
y 14
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_2_1
y 15
end
arch grass
y 16
end
arch grass
y 17
end
arch grass
x 1
end
arch grass
x 1
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 3
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 4
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 5
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 6
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 7
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 8
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 9
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 10
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 11
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 12
end
arch generate_goblin
x 1
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 1
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 14
end
arch sign
msg
goblin and gnoll

endmsg
x 1
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 15
end
arch grass
x 1
y 16
end
arch grass
x 1
y 17
end
arch grass
x 2
end
arch grass
x 2
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 3
end
arch generate_goblin
x 2
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 4
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 5
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 6
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 7
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 8
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 9
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 10
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 11
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 12
end
arch goblin
x 2
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 2
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 15
end
arch grass
x 2
y 16
end
arch grass
x 2
y 17
end
arch grass
x 3
end
arch grass
x 3
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 3
end
arch generate_goblin
x 3
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 4
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 5
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 6
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 7
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 8
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 9
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 10
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 11
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 12
end
arch goblin
x 3
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 3
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 15
end
arch grass
x 3
y 16
end
arch grass
x 3
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
end
arch wwall_2_2_2
x 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 4
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_2_4
x 4
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 3
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 4
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 5
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 6
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 7
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 8
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 9
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 10
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 11
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 12
end
arch generate_goblin
x 4
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 4
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 15
end
arch wwall_1_3
x 4
y 15
end
arch grass
x 4
y 16
end
arch grass
x 4
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 1
end
arch key2
name key1
slaying 9key1
x 5
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 2
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 5
y 2
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 3
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 4
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 5
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 6
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 7
end
arch goblin
x 5
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 8
end
arch gnoll
x 5
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 9
end
arch gnoll
x 5
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 10
end
arch gnoll
x 5
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 11
end
arch gnoll
x 5
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 12
end
arch gnoll
x 5
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 5
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 15
end
arch door_look_1
x 5
y 15
no_pass 0
end
arch grass
x 5
y 16
end
arch invis_exit
slaying ../rainbow/red_town/town
hp 4
sp 1
x 5
y 17
end
arch grass
x 5
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
end
arch wwall_2_2_3
x 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 1
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 6
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_2_1
x 6
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 3
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 4
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 5
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 6
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 7
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 8
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 9
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 10
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 11
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 12
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 6
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 6
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 15
end
arch wwall_1_4
x 6
y 15
end
arch grass
x 6
y 16
end
arch grass
x 6
y 17
end
arch grass
x 7
end
arch grass
x 7
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 3
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 7
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 4
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 5
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 6
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 7
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 8
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 9
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 10
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 11
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 12
end
arch gnoll
x 7
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 7
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 15
end
arch grass
x 7
y 16
end
arch grass
x 7
y 17
end
arch grass
x 8
end
arch grass
x 8
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 3
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 8
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 4
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 5
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 6
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 7
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 8
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 9
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 10
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 11
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 12
end
arch gnoll
x 8
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 8
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 15
end
arch grass
x 8
y 16
end
arch grass
x 8
y 17
end
arch grass
x 9
end
arch grass
x 9
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 3
end
arch button_handle
x 9
y 3
connected 1
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 4
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 5
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 6
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 7
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 8
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 9
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 10
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 11
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 12
end
arch generate_gnoll
x 9
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 13
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 9
y 13
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 14
end
arch button_handle
x 9
y 14
connected 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 15
end
arch grass
x 9
y 16
end
arch grass
x 9
y 17
end
arch grass
x 10
end
arch grass
x 10
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 2
end
arch wwall_2_2_3
x 10
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 3
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 4
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 5
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 6
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 7
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 8
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 9
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 10
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 11
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 12
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 13
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 14
end
arch wwall_2_1_1
x 10
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 15
end
arch wwall_2_2_4
x 10
y 15
end
arch grass
x 10
y 16
end
arch grass
x 10
y 17
end
