arch map
name prison
width 21
height 26
msg
Created:  2010-09-15 Chad
Modified: 2010-09-22 Chad
endmsg
end
arch blocked
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_2_2
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch cobblestones2
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch cobblestones2
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch cobblestones2
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch cobblestones2
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch cobblestones2
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 13
end
arch cobblestones2
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch cobblestones2
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 16
end
arch cobblestones2
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 17
end
arch cobblestones2
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 19
end
arch cobblestones2
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 20
end
arch cobblestones2
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 22
end
arch cobblestones2
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 23
end
arch cobblestones2
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
y 24
end
arch cobblestones2
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_2_1
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 1
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 5 minutes for your actions.
endmsg
food 30
x 1
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 7
sp 12
x 1
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 5 minutes
msg
5 minutes
endmsg
x 1
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 1
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 1
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 1
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 2
y 15
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch guildmaster
name Guard
race none
msg
@match *
Don't cause any trouble or someday you might end up in here!
endmsg
face guard_hard.111
hp 100
maxhp 100
dam 0
x 2
y 15
level 150
resist_physical 100
resist_magic 100
resist_fire 100
resist_electricity 100
resist_cold 100
resist_confusion 100
resist_acid 100
resist_drain 100
resist_weaponmagic 100
resist_ghosthit 100
resist_poison 100
resist_slow 100
resist_paralyze 100
resist_turn_undead 100
resist_fear 100
resist_deplete 100
resist_death 100
resist_chaos 100
resist_godpower 100
resist_holyword 100
resist_blind 100
randomitems none
pick_up 0
undead 1
can_cast_spell 0
stand_still 1
no_damage 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 2
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 2
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 3
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 15 minutes for your actions
endmsg
food 90
x 3
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 7
sp 12
x 3
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 15 minutes
msg
15 minutes
endmsg
x 3
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 3
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 3
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 3
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 4
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 4
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_2_2
x 4
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 10
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 11
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 13
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 14
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_3_2
x 4
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 16
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 17
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 19
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 4
y 20
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_2_1
x 4
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 4
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 4
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 5
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 30 minutes for your actions.
endmsg
food 180
x 5
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 7
sp 12
x 5
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 30 minutes
msg
30 minutes
endmsg
x 5
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 7
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch guildmaster
name Guard
race none
msg
@match *
Don't cause any trouble or someday you might end up in here!
endmsg
face guard_hard.111
hp 100
maxhp 100
dam 0
x 5
y 7
level 150
resist_physical 100
resist_magic 100
resist_fire 100
resist_electricity 100
resist_cold 100
resist_confusion 100
resist_acid 100
resist_drain 100
resist_weaponmagic 100
resist_ghosthit 100
resist_poison 100
resist_slow 100
resist_paralyze 100
resist_turn_undead 100
resist_fear 100
resist_deplete 100
resist_death 100
resist_chaos 100
resist_godpower 100
resist_holyword 100
resist_blind 100
randomitems none
pick_up 0
undead 1
can_cast_spell 0
stand_still 1
no_damage 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 5
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying prisoner
x 5
y 12
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 3
sp 12
x 5
y 12
speed 1.0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 5
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying prisoner
x 5
y 18
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 3
sp 18
x 5
y 18
speed 1.0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 5
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 5
y 23
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch guildmaster
name Guard
race none
msg
@match *
Don't cause any trouble or someday you might end up in here!
endmsg
face guard_hard.111
hp 100
maxhp 100
dam 0
x 5
y 23
level 150
resist_physical 100
resist_magic 100
resist_fire 100
resist_electricity 100
resist_cold 100
resist_confusion 100
resist_acid 100
resist_drain 100
resist_weaponmagic 100
resist_ghosthit 100
resist_poison 100
resist_slow 100
resist_paralyze 100
resist_turn_undead 100
resist_fear 100
resist_deplete 100
resist_death 100
resist_chaos 100
resist_godpower 100
resist_holyword 100
resist_blind 100
randomitems none
pick_up 0
undead 1
can_cast_spell 0
stand_still 1
no_damage 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 5
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 5
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 6
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 6
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 6
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 6
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 6
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 6
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 6
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 7
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 1 hour for your actions.
endmsg
food 360
x 7
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 7
sp 12
x 7
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 1 hour
msg
1 hour
endmsg
x 7
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 7
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 7
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch bed_save
x 7
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 7
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch bed_save
x 7
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 7
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 7
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 7
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 8
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 8
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 8
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 8
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 8
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 9
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 2 hours for your actions.
endmsg
food 720
x 9
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 13
sp 12
x 9
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 2 hours
msg
2 hours
endmsg
x 9
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 9
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 9
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch rune_restoration
hp 32767
x 9
y 12
nrof 1
level 110
invisible 0
arch spell_restoration
end
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch rune_restoration
hp 32767
x 9
y 18
nrof 1
level 110
invisible 0
arch spell_restoration
end
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 9
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 9
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dwall_1_3
x 9
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 10
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 10
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 10
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_3_3
x 10
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 10
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 11
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 13
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 14
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_4
x 10
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 16
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 17
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 19
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 10
y 20
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_3_1
x 10
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch invis_exit
slaying Castle
hp 26
sp 19
x 10
y 25
move_on all
end
arch cobblestones2
x 10
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 11
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 4 hours for your actions.
endmsg
food 1440
x 11
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 13
sp 12
x 11
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 4 hours
msg
4 hours
endmsg
x 11
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 11
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 11
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 11
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch rune_restoration
hp 32767
x 11
y 12
nrof 1
level 110
invisible 0
arch spell_restoration
end
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 11
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch rune_restoration
hp 32767
x 11
y 18
nrof 1
level 110
invisible 0
arch spell_restoration
end
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 11
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 11
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dwall_1_4
x 11
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 12
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 12
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 12
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 12
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 12
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 12
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 12
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 13
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 6 hours for your actions.
endmsg
food 2160
x 13
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 7
sp 18
x 13
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 6 hours
msg
6 hours
endmsg
x 13
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 13
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 13
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch bed_save
x 13
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 13
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch bed_save
x 13
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 13
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 13
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 13
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 14
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 14
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 14
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 14
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 14
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 14
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 14
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 15
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 8 hours for your actions.
endmsg
food 2880
x 15
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 7
sp 18
x 15
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 8 hours
msg
8 hours
endmsg
x 15
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 7
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch guildmaster
name Guard
race none
msg
@match *
Don't cause any trouble or someday you might end up in here!
endmsg
face guard_hard.111
hp 100
maxhp 100
dam 0
x 15
y 7
level 150
resist_physical 100
resist_magic 100
resist_fire 100
resist_electricity 100
resist_cold 100
resist_confusion 100
resist_acid 100
resist_drain 100
resist_weaponmagic 100
resist_ghosthit 100
resist_poison 100
resist_slow 100
resist_paralyze 100
resist_turn_undead 100
resist_fear 100
resist_deplete 100
resist_death 100
resist_chaos 100
resist_godpower 100
resist_holyword 100
resist_blind 100
randomitems none
pick_up 0
undead 1
can_cast_spell 0
stand_still 1
no_damage 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 15
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying prisoner
x 15
y 12
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 17
sp 12
x 15
y 12
speed 1.0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 15
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch check_inv
slaying prisoner
x 15
y 18
last_sp 0
move_block all
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 17
sp 18
x 15
y 18
speed 1.0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_2
x 15
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 15
y 23
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch guildmaster
name Guard
race none
msg
@match *
Don't cause any trouble or someday you might end up in here!
endmsg
face guard_hard.111
hp 100
maxhp 100
dam 0
x 15
y 23
level 150
resist_physical 100
resist_magic 100
resist_fire 100
resist_electricity 100
resist_cold 100
resist_confusion 100
resist_acid 100
resist_drain 100
resist_weaponmagic 100
resist_ghosthit 100
resist_poison 100
resist_slow 100
resist_paralyze 100
resist_turn_undead 100
resist_fear 100
resist_deplete 100
resist_death 100
resist_chaos 100
resist_godpower 100
resist_holyword 100
resist_blind 100
randomitems none
pick_up 0
undead 1
can_cast_spell 0
stand_still 1
no_damage 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 15
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 15
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 16
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 16
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 16
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_2_3
x 16
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 10
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 11
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 13
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 14
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_3_4
x 16
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 16
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 17
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 19
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_1_1
x 16
y 20
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch swall_2_2_4
x 16
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 16
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 16
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 17
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed for 10 hours for your actions.
endmsg
food 3600
x 17
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 13
sp 18
x 17
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name 10 hours
msg
10 hours
endmsg
x 17
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 17
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 17
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 17
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 17
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 18
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 18
y 15
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch guildmaster
name Guard
race none
msg
@match *
Don't cause any trouble or someday you might end up in here!
endmsg
face guard_hard.111
hp 100
maxhp 100
dam 0
x 18
y 15
level 150
resist_physical 100
resist_magic 100
resist_fire 100
resist_electricity 100
resist_cold 100
resist_confusion 100
resist_acid 100
resist_drain 100
resist_weaponmagic 100
resist_ghosthit 100
resist_poison 100
resist_slow 100
resist_paralyze 100
resist_turn_undead 100
resist_fear 100
resist_deplete 100
resist_death 100
resist_chaos 100
resist_godpower 100
resist_holyword 100
resist_blind 100
randomitems none
pick_up 0
undead 1
can_cast_spell 0
stand_still 1
no_damage 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 18
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 18
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 19
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch marker
slaying prisoner
msg
You have been jailed FOREVER (or until DM has mercy).
endmsg
food 0
x 19
y 1
speed 10.0
lifesave 1
end
arch teleporter
slaying prison
hp 13
sp 18
x 19
y 1
speed 0.01
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name FOREVER!!!
msg
FOREVER!!!
endmsg
x 19
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 19
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cobblestones2
x 19
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_2
x 19
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 20
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 1
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 2
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 3
blocksview 0
end
arch blocked
x 20
y 4
blocksview 0
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_2_3
x 20
y 5
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 6
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 7
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 8
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 9
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 10
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 11
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 12
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 13
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 14
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 15
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 16
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 17
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 18
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 19
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 20
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 21
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 22
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 23
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_1_1
x 20
y 24
end
arch cobblestones2
x 20
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch cwall_2_2_4
x 20
y 25
end
