arch map
name The Adventurous Shop, Entrance
difficulty 20
region stoneville
shopitems food:5;armour:5;*:2
shopmin 300
shopmax 10000
width 16
height 16
enter_x 7
enter_y 15
msg
Created:  1997-02-22
Modified: 2020-10-07 Titus
endmsg
end
arch woodfloor
end
arch wall_2_2_2
end
arch woodfloor
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
y 4
end
arch wall_3_2
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
y 15
end
arch wall_2_2_1
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 1
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 1
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 1
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch menu
x 1
y 2
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 1
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_mat
x 1
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 1
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 5
end
arch shop_mat
x 1
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 6
end
arch rune_large_fireball
x 1
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 7
end
arch door_look_1
x 1
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 8
end
arch deathtree
x 1
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 10
end
arch spikes_closed
x 1
y 10
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 1
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 1
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 2
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 2
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 2
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 4
end
arch wall_3_3
x 2
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 7
end
arch wall_1_2
x 2
y 7
end
arch wall_2_short
x 2
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 10
end
arch wall_1_4
x 2
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 2
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 3
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 3
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 3
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 5
end
arch generate_xan
x 3
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 4
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 4
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 4
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 6
end
arch beholder
x 4
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 5
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 5
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 5
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 6
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 6
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 6
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 11
end
arch sign
msg
Welcome to the adventurours shop!
In order to gain access to a shop level, you will first have to win against the monsters guarding it.  Please take care, they get more dangerous the more you advance upwards!
endmsg
x 6
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 15
end
arch wall_1_3
x 6
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 7
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 7
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 7
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 7
end
arch stair_3_up
slaying advshop1
hp 7
sp 7
x 7
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 11
end
arch button_lever
x 7
y 11
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 15
end
arch oakdoor_2
slaying /world/world_103_127
hp 2
sp 17
x 7
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 8
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 8
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 8
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 6
end
arch spider
x 8
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 8
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 15
end
arch oakdoor_2
slaying /world/world_103_127
hp 2
sp 17
x 8
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 9
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 9
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 9
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 11
end
arch madman
name shopkeeper
msg
@match h[ae]llo|hi
Hello there! Welcome to this fantastic shop! It is full of monsters, so please be careful!
@match monster|monsters|careful
Well, there's even a nice collection of demiliches on the upper floor, just above the skulls.
endmsg
x 9
y 11
friendly 1
unaggressive 1
stand_still 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 15
end
arch wall_1_4
x 9
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 10
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 10
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 10
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 6
end
arch beholder
x 10
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 11
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 11
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 11
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 12
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 12
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 12
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 12
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 13
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 13
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 13
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 10
end
arch wall_1_3
x 13
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 14
y 1
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 14
y 2
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch shop_armour
face woodfloor.111
x 14
y 3
randomitems random_clothes
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 5
end
arch generate_xan
x 14
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 10
end
arch spikes_closed
x 14
y 10
connected 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 1
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 4
end
arch wall_3_4
x 15
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 10
end
arch wall_2_short
x 15
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 15
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 15
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 15
y 15
end
